# Origins

- Comes from a Barbarian tribe of the Eraka people of The Ride. More specifically, the Varm tribe, who are some of the more peaceful people and practice totem magic and the worship of primal spirits.
- Speaks the Erakic language and is proficient at riding horses, since the Eraka are a mounted people.
- The Eraka often made incursions into Thar to hunt and sometimes clear out bands of Orcs at the behest of themselves or paying clients. Perhaps Hagar was picked up on one of these outings?
- Hagar's ability to ignore pain when in a rage manifested itself early. His parental figures in the Varm tribe encouraged him to seek communion with the primal spirit Magnar, an ancient bear said to have inhabited a magical forest in the southeast (the Yuirwood) for 10,000 years.
- As a young man, Hagar brought honor to his family by serving with a mercenary company, a common practice among the Varm. When he came of age, his mentors encouraged him to undertake a spirit quest and seek communion with Magnar, his primal spirit.
- Hagar's spirit quest ended in disaster. Alone, nearly starving, and worst of all feeling abandoned by his spirit guardian, Hagar could not face returning to his mentors without answers and without a totem. His rage took on a new color: confusion and anger at this betrayal of spirit.
- No one of the Varm had chosen (or been chosen by?) Magnar as their Primal Spirit for a long time, so pressure was high. If Magnar still dwelt in the Southeast, why had he not contacted anyone until now? Hagar was torn about whether the 10,000-year old legend of his youth had any meaning at all.