# Timeline

- -9800 DR: crown wars end, green elves settle the yuirwood. the elves use the _Gatekeeper's Crystal_ to imprison the primal spirit Magnar and send him into hibernation, so that his portfolio could be absorbed by Rillifane Rallathil.
- circa 400 DR: a group of orphaned orc children later called the Ondonti are adopted by the people of Myth Ondath, a city dedicated to Eldath in the Tortured Lands of northern faerun, north of The Ride. they are raised in the faith of the Green Goddess and taught how to work the land peacefully.
- 633 DR: the Ice Queen, a powerful priestess of Auril, uses an artifact known as the Gatekeeper's Crystal to destroy the magical defenses of the city of Myth Ondath, killing her lich general and most of her army in the process. The Ondonti are among the few survivors, avoiding detection by the Ice Queen's army in the ruins of the city.
- circa 1360 DR: the spellplague warps the magical barriers protecting the Ondonti, allowing them to be visible to the outside world for a time.
- Dovydas Išvarm (surname literally "of varm") of the Varm people is separated from his hunting party by a snowstorm and is forced to eat his horse in order to stay alive in the harsh climate of the White Peaks foothills. In the blizzard, he sees what he thinks is an illusion: a party of Orcs in cold-weather gear coming to rescue him.
- Dovydas takes Gorga Radbold of the Ondonti as his wife.
- 1488 DR: A son is born to Dovydas and Gorga. Dovydas names him Cirulis, an old Erakic word meaning "skylark". As neither the boy nor his father really belong to the Varm anymore, Gorga instead gives him her surname, thus christening him Cirulis Radbold.
- 1489 DR: A daughter is born to Dovydas and Gorga. Dovydas names her Ilza, and she is christened Ilza Radbold to match her brother.
- 1490 DR: The Bloody Hands tribe of Orcs discover the Ondonti and assault their village. Dovydas and Gorga are killed, and Cirulis and Ilza are taken as curiosities to be studied by the shaman warchief Uzgat. Uzgat also recovers a shard of the _gatekeeper's crystal_, which the Ondonti had been stewarding since its return to the area after being used elsewhere.
- 1491 DR: Uzgat attempts to perform a ritual to summon Gruumsh using the _gatekeeper's crystal_, but instead wakes the great slumbering bear spirit Magnar. 
- 1491 DR: A Varm warband come upon the site of a bloody battle between Orc tribes in western Thar, near the plateau called Vaprak's Hammer. In the corpse-strewn field, a small child is discovered caked in blood, sucking its thumb plaintively and staring out at the field of bodies. Closer examination reveals the child is half-human, and the warband take it with them back to The Ride.
- Fierce debate ensues about what to do with the child, until the tribe resolves to share parental duties equally. The headman Ullo names the child Hagar, after a storied chieftain of bygone centuries. For a surname, the tribe choose "Bloodrop", as the child looked to them like a single drop of blood alone on the battlefield when he was found.
- 1500 DR: At age 12, Hagar has come of age. Guided by his adoptive family in the ways of totem magic, he has shown great prowess as a hunter, displaying aspects of the primal bear spirit in his grit and determination. Ullo encourages him to take the *meklejumi*, a personal quest designed to break down the barriers between the body and nature in order to invite the primal spirit back into one's soul.
- Stripped naked and wandering in the wilderness of the northern foothills of the Dragonspine Mountains, Hagar opens his heart to communion with Magnar, the primal bear spirit. What he receives instead stuns and scares him. He sees a huge tree, its trunk towering to the clouds and beyond, its branches among the moon and stars. At its base, gnarled roots wind their way around the still form of a huge bear, twisting through its fur and utterly entrapping the body.
- Returning to the tribe emptyhanded and afraid, Hagar confesses to Ullo that Magnar did not speak to him and he received no totem. Taking pity on the boy, Ullo concocts a story for the rest of the tribe and resolves to pack Hagar off to military service so that his honor will be unimpeachable. A month later, Hagar joins the Company of the Raven.
- 1501 DR: The Company of the Raven begins a campaign against the orcs of the Burning Banner tribe, led by the orog Grod Shieldbiter. Over the course of four years, the company push the Burning Banner further and further back towards the Galena mountains, culminating in a decisive battle at Bloodskull Keep in which Grod is slain and the remnants of the tribe scattered. Grod's son Narle escapes unscathed.
- 1505 DR: The Company of the Raven begins a campaign against the Red Claws goblin horde. The first two years of the campaign bring victory after victory, but in 1507 DR the Claws form an alliance with the Skullsmasher Ogre tribe, and the Company has met its match. The ensuing two years take heavy tolls on both sides, until the ogre chief Guld is slain at the tribe's base in Fangjaws Hold. At some point during this year, "Rabble" - the leader of the company - dies.
- 1509 DR: Hagar resigns at the conclusion of the Red Claws campaign, wandering the northern Moonsea with another Company soldier named Shram. When Shram perishes in the harsh environment, Hagar travels to Phlan in Eleint in search of answers about his origins and why he has seemingly been abandoned by all the authority figures in his life.