# Thurndan Tallwand

# Motivations

- Depose the leaders of the cities of the Moonsea and replace them with puppets under his control. Tyranthraxus can control only one body at a time, but he prefers to exert *some* form of control over every being he can.
- Control the North by any means necessary. Having experienced a resounding defeat in Phlan by relying on minions, Tyranthraxus has resolved to accomplish his goals via politics this time – however repugnant, this is infinitely preferable to eons spent waiting in extraplanar jail.
- Destroy the [Zhentarim](../factions/Zhentarim.md). Tyranthraxus inherited this hatred from Rastol and considers it one of the only reasonable things his host was concerned with. While the Black Network still exerts its influence over the Moonsea (and all Faerun), Tyranthraxus can't succeed in his goals.
- Destroy all dragons, and by extension the [Cult of the Dragon](../factions/Cult%20of%20the%20Dragon.md). Chromatic dragons are too similar to Tyranthraxus to be allowed to live - paranoid, power-hungry, and calculating. He knows that even a single one set against him is a major issue. His plan is to infiltrate the [Cult of the Dragon](../factions/Cult%20of%20the%20Dragon.md) from the inside in order to be one step ahead of Faerun's dragons.
- Destroy the Cadornas. Unforgiving of his betrayal by Porphyrys 200 years ago, Tyranthraxus will make the nobles of Phlan the first casualties in his war for the Moonsea.
- Retake Phlan. Having been stymied in this effort before, Tyranthraxus holds a particular grudge against the plucky little Moonsea town that won't die. Though he is using Rastol's knowledge of Mulmaster in order to gain political power there, he continues to meddle in Phlan.
- Reassemble the *Gatekeeper's Crystal*. With this artifact, Tyranthraxus believes he can completely disable the extraplanar prison to which he is confined when unable to find a host body, allowed him to roam freely about the material plane with impunity. He desperately seeks information on the other shards.

# Timeline

- Alias Gensor, court mage of the Cadornas, until 1340 DR when Tyranthraxus was defeated. Collected some of the Pool of Radiance into a phial as part of his experiments into determining the nature of Tyranthraxus. Experimented on both undead and Raaxil, but eventually killed her.
- Leader of Mulmaster's Brotherhood of the Cloak circa 1373 DR, when he was known by his birth name Rastol Shan.
- In 1375 DR, conspired with Rassendyll Coldshore to usurp the rule of Rassendyll's twin brother Selfaril, the High Blade. Rastol believed (rightly) that Rassendyll would be a more impressionable ruler, and imprisoned Selfaril within a soul gem in the pommel of a sword, the *Sword of Selfaril*.
- Rastol also arranged for a high-profile marriage between Rassendyll and Dmitra Flass, called the "First Princess of Thay", who later led the opposition to [Szass Tam](Szass%20Tam.md) during the War of the Zulkirs 1375-1385 as Zulkir of Illusion. With Dmitra's death in 1385, the war ended, and Mulmaster's connection to Thay went underground.
- Rastol's ultimate goal was to arrange a trading bloc that would span the entire North, from Luskan in the west to Thay in the east, and make Mulmaster the hub in this new entity. Using the power of the [Red Wizards of Thay](../factions/Red%20Wizards%20of%20Thay.md) and the [Arcane Brotherhood](../factions/Arcane%20Brotherhood.md), he hoped to drive the [Zhentarim](../factions/Zhentarim.md) out of the North once and for all.
- Though Rastol carried off the crime well, suspicion began to arise among his fellow Cloaks that someone or something was exerting undue influence over the High Blade. Rastol failed to quell the opposition against him, and when it was revealed that he had been exchanging messages with archmage Arklem Greeth of the [Arcane Brotherhood](../factions/Arcane%20Brotherhood.md), he was forcibly ousted from his position in the Cloaks and went into exile in 1390 DR.
- Much to Rastol's chagrin, after his departure Rassendyll and his successors as High Blade proved malleable, and the Church of Bane began to rise to prominence in Mulmaster. This religious organization was ultimately the cover needed for the [Zhentarim](../factions/Zhentarim.md) to exert their influence over the city, which the Blades had resisted for years.
- Fearful of [Szass Tam](Szass%20Tam.md)'s wrath and unable to return to his home city, Rastol decided to act on information he had received from Arklem that pointed to the possible location of the *Gatekeeper's Crystal*, a powerful artifact said to have been used multiple times in the past to destroy entire cities. Traveling to Hellgate Keep, said to be the last place the artifact was used (in 1369 DR by the Moonstars), Rastol finally managed to recover a small shard in one of the area's wild magic zones around 1420 DR.
- Focusing on learning to control the Crystal, Rastol eventually fled to Luskan, where he had no criminal history and where his arcane experiments would draw less attention. Spending years attempting to ascertain the nature of the shard, Rastol eventually concluded it connected to an extraplanar network of *gate*s that could be used to summon an elemental army sufficient to take the entire North. Taking a promising young elven woman named Eryn Ainath (later to become [Eryn Ainath](Eryn%20Ainath.md)) as his apprentice in 1456 DR, Rastol focused on accomplishing this.
- When Rastol's plans were completed in 1479 DR, he managed to summon a powerful entity that would help him accomplish his goals – except that that entity had no intention of giving Rastol any control. The *Gatekeeper's Crystal* was a potent device designed to open and reopen portals. It ultimately freed Tyranthraxus, whose spirit had lingered in an extraplanar prison constructed long ago, and who had been given a new lease on life – and a powerful new body to inhabit. Tyranthraxus appeared at the closest Pool of Radiance — the one inside Rastol's phial.
- The Great Possessor quickly and invisibly seized control of Rastol, soon attempting to hide this fact from Eryn. When the young Elf grew suspicious, Tyranthraxus used Rastol's spellcasting expertise to *imprison* her spirit in a book, thus eliminating the possibility that he could be discovered. Taking the name "Thurndan Tallwand", he returned to the Moonsea in 1480 DR.
- "Thurndan" wasted no time in returning himself to power as a member of the Brotherhood of the Cloak. By the year 1500, he again controlled the entire organization, and by extension Jaseen Drakehorn, the High Blade. In 1507, he magically aged [Calcey Firecrotch](../Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) as punishment for her theft of the *Sword of Selfaril*.
- During 1508, Calcey's Year of Rain, the Great Possessor discovered the half-red dragon sorceress Jeralla in Thar and arranged for her to be secretly brought to Mulmaster. Intending to turn her into his spy within the [Cult of the Dragon](../factions/Cult%20of%20the%20Dragon.md), Tyranthraxus gave her Eryn (as a book) to buy her loyalty. Knowing just how to stroke the sorcereress's ego, Tyranthraxus made her out to be the Chosen of Tiamat, with himself as a crucial conduit directly to the Dragon Queen.
- In early 1509, Tyranthraxus sent a Brotherhood mage loyal to him to Phlan to "arrange" the death of Lord Protector Anivar Daoran. Under orders from "Thurndan", that same mage caused a collapse to occur in the property on Steel Ave., resulting in [Sahnd Krulek](../Sahnd%20Krulek/%21index.md)'s investigation that would ultimately uncover the Cadorna evidence.
- When Jeralla was betrayed by the Cult in [Jeralla Betrayed](../logbook/Jeralla%20Betrayed.md), her "employer" came to the scene to collect his property ([Eryn](../Eryn/%21index.md)) and see who was responsible. Unfortunately, he just missed the gang, but found the dying Sahnd Krulek. Seeing potential in the fallen knight, Tyranthraxus healed his wounds and set about transforming him into a force for evil.