# Bear Shits in Woods

Date: June 2, 2021

- The laborers who have gathered around the dead body immediately accuse [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) of the murder, demanding to see her rapier so a match can be made to the wound. Some of the others present point out that any weapon of a similar size could have caused the same injury.
- The man in the fur hat makes an awkward appeal to reason, promising the aggrieved laborers that the gods will punish the guilty party and life will go on. Though no one seems happy with the outcome, foreman Ardred agrees that nothing can be done. [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) comforts one of the grieving laborers, but her compatriots don't take kindly to his show of empathy.
- [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) examines the body in his capacity as sergeant, but doesn't find anything amiss. Throughout the following day, Calcey picks up on communication between some of the laborers who had initially found the body and a few others, including some guards, suggesting the group knew each other prior to joining up with the convoy.
- After a rainy day on the road, the group arrive at one of the few inns this far north on the High Road only to find that a small party of aristocratic-looking drinkers has rented out every available room, including the stables, leaving them no option but to stay outside. The situation rapidly becomes tense, and Declan's attempts to de-escalate are met with unbridled scorn.
- Meanwhile, [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) excuses himself to withdraw beyond smell range and summons a spirit companion to investigate the inn. The hawk that manifests with him sees no sign of human presence anywhere else in the inn. Declan exchanges a few covert words with the bartender, who warns the group that the drinkers are clearly itching for a fight.
- When cooler heads prevail, the convoy withdraws to the grove of trees near the inn and prepares to spend the night in the rain. Peregrine uses a *scrying* spell and catches a glimpse of the drinkers without their costumes, clad in heavy armor and bragging about the day's events. The gang debate finding a way to strike back at the rude customers, but Calcey concludes that there are too many variables to attempt it safely.
- After catching their first sight of the Mere of Dead Men, the gang slog through the mud for a few more uneventful days until finally drawing within sight of the Carnath Roadhouse, their final destination. The journey of ten days has come to a close, and a warm meal and a soft bed never sounded so appealing.