# The Butcher of Castle Naerytar

Date: September 2, 2021

- Taking a closer look at Pharblex's sanctum, the gang discover that the simple wooden chest lying in the corner is unlocked, but magically trapped. Together, [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) and [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) ascertain that opening the chest will activate a remote device elsewhere in the chamber. Using his Spellsight to unwind the trap, Declan manages to lower several clay pots filled with an unfamiliar chemical powder gently down from their hiding places in the ceiling.
- [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) dons the vestments and headgear of the deceased Bullywug shaman, following the rest of the gang into a large underground cavern. Unable to see beyond the glinting eyes of a giant frog on a ledge in the center of a lake, Calcey lights a torch and hurls it out into the dark, revealing a whole host of amphibians that scatter into the waters of the lake. In a matter of seconds, giant frogs are pouring up out of the water and clambering onto the shore to wrap their sticky tongues around Calcey and Hagar.
- The gang struggle to keep the frogs at bay as more and more of them swarm up out of the water, but the clumsy creatures are too slow to pose a serious threat to the Quarantine Gang, and too stupid to realize they are piling on top of each other on their way to certain death. The gang hack and slash until the ground is covered in more frog limbs, and the final stragglers slip off into the water to find an easier meal.
- Just as Hagar is settling down to summon a totem companion, the group becomes aware of the sounds of heated conversation drawing nearer from one of the underground passages. A group of humanoids is approaching, and among them are the distinctive voices of the Red Wizard Azabara Jos and Wyrmspeaker Rezmir. The voices are getting closer by the second.