# The Troll Hole

Date: January 17, 2021

- As the barkeep moves to join the battle at the yawning portal, the HAWKs fight off an assault from several bloodsucking flying creatures. The barkeep calls out to fetch lamp oil from the bar so that the troll can be brought down without regenerating health.
- Wading into battle, Hagar and Yagra take several chunks out of the troll, but it appears to heal rapidly. Resolving to send it back where it came from, Hagar engages in a contest of strength to push the troll back towards the well in the center of the Yawning Portal.
- Just as Henna reaches the bar to fetch the oil, Hagar succeeds in shoving the troll over the edge, nearly sending Winona down the shaft with it. The barkeeper thanks Hagar matter-of-factly for his performance in battle and declares the tavern re-opened for business.
- As customers make their way back into the bar, Hagar and the HAWKs are greeted by Meloon Wardragon and Laraelra Harsard, two members of the Moonstars sent by Renaer to make sure that the HAWKs didn't get into trouble. Together, the group make their way back to Roarke house to rejoin the rest of the Quarantine Gang.
- The next morning, the group sets out for Westbridge. On the way, Peregrine tells Renaer the story of the Foxteeth to gauge his level of knowledge. Renaer recounts the story of the formation of the Moonstars. Meanwhile, Calcey and Declan size up Ahash Al-Mandi and get a taste of some Calishite liquor. Talking with Meloon, Hagar finds that his magical axe has a mind of its own.
- The group stops briefly to try the famous crumblecakes and meet some friendly farm dogs in the town of Red Larch, before pressing on to Westbridge by sundown. Arriving at the Harvest Inn, the gang notice the curious art that seems to decorate every wall. Renaer secures rooms but realizes he's forgotten to account for Al-Mandi's huge group, and leaves to sort them out while the rest of the gang get comfortable.