# Narrative

My name's Peter Tallstag - or it used to be, until I blew up a church.

Let me back up.

I never knew my parents because they died right after I was born, which is a pretty shitty thing to do to your infant son. I guess it wasn't really their fault - having a gang of crossbow-wielding Zhent thugs break into your house can go wrong in a lot of ways, and in most of them you end up dead. It was probably nothing personal. I say this because I've spent some time on the business end of a crossbow, and plenty of other nasty things my uncle Jaeger taught me how to use to separate a fool from his coinpurse. 

But I didn't know any of this until I was 12, when J showed up at the Cassalanter Home for Children and decided he wanted to be a parent. Before J came along, I spent most of my days singing stupid songs about the history of Waterdeep or getting slapped around by old ladies who saw no problem beating some sense into children with nobody around to defend them. One of the first things J did was to take me to see my parents' graves, out in the City of the Dead. Standing in the crushing summer heat, sweating through my tunic, I looked at the words HELGA BRAUN LOVING WIFE / GARETH TALLSTAG LOVING HUSBAND and thought: am I supposed to feel something now?

Life after that wasn't all roses, but J taught me how to pick a pocket, and so we both had a little income. By day he worked as a courier, passing messages from the palace back and forth to the noble estates of the Sea Ward, but business was never steady, and J liked to gamble. I made the Dock Ward my playground, and my playmates were kids like me who fell through the cracks of Waterdeep's criminal justice system. Eventually, we graduated to simple cons, and from there to back-alley stick-up jobs. We called ourselves the Foxteeth.

While I was getting older and wiser, J's gambling habit was developing into something more than a hobby. Or that's what I thought at first, until he told me he was "part of something bigger" now - the Xanathar guild, the organization he said *really* ran things in the city. He had this complex about getting rich, worse than all the kids I knew. Honestly, I think it was because when mom got kicked out of Candlekeep and had to come stay with him in the city, he was too poor to support her. He never got over the shame of that.

Whatever those Xanathar guild bruisers had him doing, he was gambling with his life instead of coin. Some nights he came home with bags full of gold dragons and electrum sambars; other nights he came back bruised and beaten from tangling with the Zhentarim or the City Watch. Eventually he wasn't coming home very often at all. By then, I was busy with my own problems keeping the Foxteeth in line and trying to make a living. I guess I thought I was king of the world, for a little while.

One night in Tarsakh, the Watch showed up at our door. J hadn't been home for four days straight. I hate talking to those clowns - can't believe my dad worked for them - but I had a bad feeling that made me answer the door immediately. The armar told me that J had been arrested and was being held on charges of arson, a crime that carried a sentence of 1 year of hard labor and a 2,000 dragon fine. I said something stupid and shut the door. Everyone abandons me eventually: my mom, my dad, my uncle. I never wanted a real family, but I was tired of being treated like shit.

One of my boys had told me that he knew an Illuskan guy who made big loans in exchange for jobs - weird jobs, he'd said, but nothing too crazy. I ended up meeting this guy in the backroom of a brewery down on Eel street. Looked sort of like J, with long blonde hair and dark eyes, maybe in his 40s. I can usually tell when people are fucking with me, but I couldn't read his face at all. I told him what happened and why I needed the cash. He said he knew about what happened to J - knew that he'd been set up as a fall guy, in fact - and, even better, that he could make the problem disappear without even paying the fine. Yeah...I didn't believe it either, but I had to try.

So that's how I ended up huddled up against the freezing wind in a moldy old rowboat loading crates off a Calishite galleon. This guy - Varick - he wanted information. What was in the wagons that left at the same time each weekday afternoon from that warehouse on Sahtyra's Lane? Easy enough: they kept a round-the-clock guard at the building, but nobody gave a rat's ass about the stuff at the *source*, where it came off the ships in the harbor. I walked up, shook some hands, and in 10 minutes I was a longshoreman for the South Sword Coast Shipping Company. Anyway it wasn't even anything interesting, like drugs - just a bunch of construction goods, by the looks of it.

I fed Varick his numbers - 20 tons of pine wood, 1 ton of iron nails, 5 tons of dry cement - and he was as good as his word. In a tenday, a magister heard J's case and dismissed all charges, releasing him on the spot. I knew better than to ask questions, but something in me still wanted to know how Varick pulled it off. So, in spite of myself, I went back. Varick was thrilled to see me again; said he'd known I'd show up eventually, and was I interested in navigating this business relationship into more lucrative waters?

You bet I fucking was. Varick graduated me from information-gathering back to something I was a little more comfortable with: robbery. Eventually, he let me in on a secret: he wasn't keeping the spoils for himself. I had always figured there was more going on, but according to Varick there was a *lot* more - he had contacts all over the Sword Coast and beyond, moving money and information around. And who was behind all this? Dragons, it turned out - or at least some people really interested in them. Varick said that when the time was right, the dragons were going to take over every city on the continent, and it was just a question of whose side you were on.

I didn't buy this at first, especially because Waterdeep is supposed to have ancient magic protecting it from dragons. But then Varick showed me how deep their power really runs. That old spell of Aghairon's that we sang about when I was 5, the *dragonward mythal*, really only covered a small chunk of the city - and its power had faded substantially. Dragons that ascended to lichdom were as powerful as gods, and hardly more than a century ago one of them had fought all of Force Grey to a standstill on the slopes of Mount Waterdeep.

I started to see the writing on the wall when Varick gave me his copy of the *Chronicle of Years to Come*. I struggled with the draconic at first, but after a few tendays spent at the Great Library I could trace the same passages that Sammaster the Wise had translated hundreds of years ago: *"And naught will be left save shattered thrones, with no rulers. But the dead dragons shall rule the world entire."* The more I read about dragons and their ancient connections to magic, the more I realized he was right: we stood no chance against beings as ancient and powerful as these. They were richer and smarter than any crime lord who ever lived, including that paranoid motherfucker Xanathar.

The last job I did for Varick was the one that would make me a Dragonclaw - someone who could be trusted. The city hosted a small temple to Bahamut, staffed by a dedicated contingent of Dragonkin who wore special amulets that helped them withstand the effects of the *dragonward mythal*. This, Varick told me, could not be allowed to continue. In theory, my job was easy: walk in holding a small, magically-charged glass spindle, mumble some words while crushing it in my hand, then walk out. What this would actually do, according to Varick, was cause the warding amulets worn by the priests to "overheat", throwing out too much arcane energy to remain stable. It was something he'd been working on for awhile.

So on an unseasonably warm day in Ches, I walked in and I said the words. I cut myself a little on the glass as it crumbled in my hands. It was...way, way worse than I imagined it would be. The bodies of the priests around me basically tore themselves apart from the inside out. I've seen plenty of magic, some of it ugly, but I'd never seen anything like that and I hope to god I never do again. As I was laying at the bottom of a hay-cart making its way down Sulmor street, I listened to the shouts of the Watch converging on the temple. In my mind's eye the priests' torsos peeled open again in slow-motion, like so many ripe oranges.

I saw Varick only once after that. My life was a whirlwind of activity, but I was having trouble concentrating on basic tasks. They hid me in that brewery for awhile, then packed me off with a caravan headed east along the Trade Way. I kept seeing things that weren't there, feeling the sensation of the broken glass embedded in my palms even though I had scrubbed them clean a million times. I never said my goodbyes to J. It took us 6 months to reach the western shore of the Moonsea, and another two tendays to make it to Phlan.

By the time we got there, I had long since decided I was done with Varick and his dead dragons. But if I was going to make a clean break, I needed a new face. In the dirty, cold harbor I saw nailed up on the side of a warehouse that they were looking for some hired help over at the graveyard. Then I had it. How had I not thought of this before? I crossed the marble bridge across the Stojanow river and just started reading names off of graves, until I found one that screamed "goody-two-shoes preacher". Five minutes later, I met the craziest bunch of assholes I've ever known.

Now they call me Peregrine Buntly.