# Deal's Off

Date: February 3, 2021

- As the gang climb up out of the courtyard, they sight the main party approaching the fortress from afar. Hobgoblins are rushing to the breach in the wall to defend their territory, and no one is paying any attention to the group.
- Declan uses the chaos to set fire to a weapon rack, and Peregrine ignites a barrel of oil near the hobgoblin mess hall. Hagar hits on the idea of using the hobgoblins' half-built siege weapon against them, and he and Calcey set out across the rope bridge to engage a squad of hobgoblins.
- Letting off his first *fireball*, Declan obliterates several hobgoblins and cultists, disrupting what remained of the old cult meeting and severely wounding Thalder. On the rope bridge, the hobgoblin captain shrugged off blow after blow until Calcey cuts him clean in half, scattering his unit. Declan and Peregrine catch up to make a clean sweep of the remaining hobgoblins.
- As the gang commandeer the ballista, Declan lets fly a long-range fire bolt and finishes off Thalder for good. With the other three members of the party operating the siege weapon, the gang manages to get it aimed at the new cult encampment and lets fly a round, nailing Alandra to the ground and killing her instantly where she stands.
- Garbul, the hobgoblin warlord, orders his men to operate the half-built ballista in the siege workshop by any means necessary. The commander is barely able to keep from being impaled by the next shot, but his men retaliate by firing their ballista at the gang, knocking out Peregrine.  Declan expends another *fireball* to destroy the other ballista and burn several more hobgoblins to a crisp.
- As the gang head back to the safety of the courtyard, Claugilyamatar appears over the fortress, alighting atop the ruined tower. The power of her wings alone is enough to send objects scattering across the ground. She lets fly with a torrent of toxic poison, but King Witchthorn's word appears to be good - some kind of protective magic shields the gang from the deadly poison.