# Homefront

Date: February 10, 2021

- As Calcey rejoins the group at the bonfire, Leosin approaches Declan to apologize for the pain and suffering caused as a result of the incursion. He gives Declan and Peregrine each a satchel recovered from the two cult leaders, both of which he was able to obtain because the gang eliminated them.
- Inside the satchels, the gang find two notes addressed to each of the Wearers of Purple. Thalder's note seems to suggest a dire situation: Claugilyamatar's son Vorgansharax was slated to travel to Phlan to take control of the Cinnabar Throne, with the assistance of some of the Black Fist. Alandra's hints that the New Cult may now control nearly all of the powerful Dragon Masks, and that Claugilyamatar's own mask was merely the final piece in the puzzle.
- Mulling over the implications of the notes, the gang seek counsel from Shala. The archdruid informs them that Vorgansharax is indeed the son of Claugilyamatar and a powerful adult dragon in his own right, although one whose capability for flight is somewhat limited due to an injury suffered in his youth. The Maimed Virulence makes up for this with abnormal power when fighting on the ground, and is strong even for his advanced age.
- The gang debate how to handle the problems set before them, and resolve to come to the aid of Phlan. Considering the possibility of involving Sahnd Krulek, they seek further counsel from Leosin, who advises them to consult with Aya Glenmiir upon returning to Phlan and attempt to set a trap for Sergeant Cron Bolver.
- Hagar spends the night drinking the HAWKs under the table, while the rest of the gang retire to the Harvest Inn. Everyone resolves to request transportation back to Phlan first thing in the morning.