# Think of the Children

Date: December 13, 2020

- Working on a hunch, the gang walk up Steel Avenue to the intersection between Bryce Vang's Armory and Alero's Smithy. There, Calcey spies a Black Fist sentry trying to look inconspicuous in front of a two-story dwelling with a ruined roof.
- Looking for more information, the gang pay a visit to Bryce Vang to ask about the Fists snooping around his property. Bryce relates that another guard is often posted in his backyard, which has proved an annoyance for his young son.
- Heading back out into the yard, the gang come face-to-face with the sentry. Declan spins a terrifying tale of murdered children and feline ghosts that confuses the soldier, but doesn't ultimately convince him to let them stay on the property. When Declan is caught casting *minor illusion*, the gang are not-so-politely asked to leave.
- At Alero's smithy, the gang pay for some of their weapons to be silvered and Calcey slips the smith a little extra in exchange for any gossip he hears about the guards on the nearby building. Hagar also pays for a slightly more sturdy shaft for the Shieldbiter Heirloom.
- Returning to Aya Glenmiir's shop, the gang seek more information about the potential for enchanting their emerald necklace. Aya relates all she knows about the magical properties of emeralds, as well as mentioning her contact Eiruk Weskur in waterdeep as a capable mage who she trusts to send the gang home after their Kryptgarden venture.
- Declan stops over at Mantor's library to look for information about the magical book recovered from Jeralla's wagon, while Calcey and Hagar head down to the Laughing Goblin to purchase a barrel of ale. The gang pass the time until sundown drinking with sailors.
- The gang meet the Lord Sage at Kuto's Well, ensuring they haven't been followed, and trail him back in the direction of the docks until he stops in front of a large brick tower, stealing around the back. At the rear door, he explains that he's been trying to crack the secrets of Denlor's tower for ages - until Peregrine returned from the archives wearing the key on his head.