# Narrative

My life? Sure, if you want.

I grew up in Elmwood, about as sleepy as you can get for the Moonsea - just 500 souls. No greedy merchants, no stuck-up nobles. Just constable Jorgadaul, and her adventuring days were way over by the time I was growing up. It was boring as hell, but I stayed out of trouble. For a while.

Can't remember a time when mom's lips weren't glued to a bottle. The other families used to take turns watching me when she would go out late and stumble home drunk as a fish after dark. She had me working as a farmhand about as soon as I could walk, and the money wasn't great but it was enough to get us by. People think it was hard, and in some ways it was, but I also never spent a festival day as happily as we did back then. Rich folks don't really know what it is to have family like that.

I guess everything changed the day Cere showed me how to do my first lock. All of a sudden nothing was in my way; no more judging adults breathing down my neck. I did Cere's mom's place that night, and didn't stop for a tenday. We sort of went nuts, I guess. In a matter of weeks, Elmwood became a hotspot for petty theft. Constable Jorgadaul was in hot water with all the townsfolk, I remember that.

Wasn't too much longer before they had me. Didn't really know what I was doing, of course - just a fucking kid! Went too far, which became kind of a theme for me. Mom marched me over to the constable's house...thought my life was fucking over, praying to Tymora, the whole nine yards. But the old dwarf was too clever for that, she worked something out with mom. I had to go, it was "what was best for the community", actions have consequences, yadda yadda. But she had an old friend from her adventuring days in Mulmaster, someone I could get an honest living with. Visit home every once in a while. Mom wasn't thrilled, being as how dad met his end in Mulmaster – "City of Danger" is goddamn right – but she saw the logic in it.

What she didn't know was that this was the best thing that ever happened to me. Or the worst, depending on how you look at it. But I look at it like the best. I needed a bigger pond to swim in, and Mulmaster was absolutely that pond. Fifty thousand souls, every one blacker than coal. A filthier, seedier place you'll never find. I loved every minute of it, and there was nobody around to tell me a fucking thing. Sure, I met Alamarayne Moonray, that cleric friend of the constable's. My "employment" at the temple of Selune lasted about as long as a gnome's dick.

It was all downhill from there. I met some boys, won't bore you with any of those details. Some girls too, if you want to know. They used to call me the Firecrotch – bet you can't guess why. Liked it so much I dropped the Sunhearth name right then and there. Sorry, mom. Anyway, pretty quick I got so I was one step ahead of the Brotherhood of the Cloak and the Zhents and all the rest of them. We had no thieves' guild, of course - thieving is punishable by death in Mulmaster! But that's what made it worthwhile, to me. That, and the chance to steal from the least deserving pieces of shit on this earth - the Blades. Every town thinks its nobility are garbage, but Mulmaster outdoes them all.

I swear I didn't even start the "Danger's Blade" thing - that was this guy I was seeing. We loved the idea that I was like one of the Blades, the one they'd never invite to any of their stupid parties, the one who robbed them all blind in the dark. We had no idea where it would actually go. I remember looking at the blueprints for the Tower of the Wyvern, planning it all out, never believing it could actually happen. And then I was there, incognito, a real guest invited to one of their sick events down in that basement they called the Palace of Revels. Going home with one of them was easy, too easy, all of it was – right up until I panicked and choked the life out of him when he woke up at the wrong time.

All of a sudden life was pushing in on me from all sides. The Lord's Alliance was crawling all over the city, paying people to spy on me in taverns, buying out the Watch. Friends turned on me. The Cloaks nearly had me twice in one month. I don't wanna say I got paranoid, but I got fucking paranoid. And then I got mad. Who were these idiots that thought they could threaten me with magic? I was ready to get the hell out of there, but I couldn't let them think they frightened me off. I was way too proud for that. Shit, I still am.

They said that senior cloak Thurndan Tallwand had this magic sword, beautiful like the Elves used to use way back when. I knew he was working with the Lord's Alliance and I just...I just went for it, I guess. The tower he lived in was a fucking mess, it was really embarrassing for somebody that powerful. I won't lie and say his defenses didn't give me a run for my money. But he didn't know I'd have help from one of his rivals. The enemy of my enemy....well, anyway. I got the sword home, couldn't believe my luck. Then it started fucking *talking*.

Turns out our man Thurndan was a hell of a lot more evil than I gave him credit for. That fancy sword had a man inside it, a man Thurndan had imprisoned over a hundred years ago when he helped the new High Blade take care of his predecessor. Nobody even knew that this happened, and nobody was old enough anymore to go poking around asking questions. This was the hottest item I'd ever lifted, and it was literally shouting its life story at anybody who would listen.

I did the right thing, and I'll regret that the rest of my life. I did what the man in the sword said - took him to such and such a place down by the docks to meet his only living relative, someone who might be able to right this wrong. Only trouble was, Thurndan was one step ahead of me. It was a trap, and a carefully laid one at that. Well, you try staring down thirty wands and see how you feel about making a break for it.

Thurndan kept me locked up a full tenday while he stewed over what to do about my little adventure. When he finally took me out of that dungeon he told me why he didn't just kill me right then. He knew I was Danger's Blade, and he knew that just killing me would've made me a bigger hero than I'd ever be otherwise. He also knew I didn't have anything he wanted - but I did have something he could *take*, something that meant everything to me. And then he took it all. 75 years, yanked straight out of me like the guts of an animal carcass. He smiled, and then he told me I could go.

It's hard explaining what happened after that, partly because I don't really know, myself. I was blind, raging, drunk, grieving myself. I finally figured out what it was mom found at the bottom of a bottle – oblivion. There are little scraps - taverns by the docks, flashes of whorehouses, cold street corners. When I started thinking again about where I was, and who I was, I found I was on the deck of a ship bound for Melvaunt, and it was one year later. In my memory, it's one big grey smear, like it just fucking rained for 365 days straight. That's the thing about being old – your memory goes first, slipping out the back like a shy lover. You don't notice until you look for it, and by then it's already gone.

Anyway, nobody likes that story. Buy me another round, and let me tell you about the time I made a dwarf think his gold was cursed by the gods.