# Narrative

I am called Hagar, abandoned by the spirits. This is my story.

My earliest memory is the wind in my hair, astride a horse in the arms of one of head-man Ullo's wives. The winds of The Ride are fierce, and in the winter they carry ice and snow. Ullo says that it was in the winter that they found me. I sat alone on the battlefield, many dead and dying bodies laid around me. Blood covered me from head to toe, so that Ullo would say later I looked to him like a single drop of blood. They took me back with them then, because I was not an orc, and I did not cry.

I had no mother, and so my mother became all the mothers of the tribe. I had no father, and so my father became all the warriors of the warband. Each day together they taught me to speak, to hunt, to ride, to fight, to pray. Ullo watched me fight, seeing how I could go to a place outside my mind when I was in pain. On my naming day, he called me Hagar, the name of the great father of all the Eraka. I was happy then, knowing nothing beyond my family and my simple life.

When I had seen 13 winters, Ullo told me it was time to take the *meklejumi*, to journey to the mountains to find my totem. The *meklejumi* is a time for pulling down all the walls between the mind and the world, to diminish the body so that the spirit can flourish. I left the tribe and wandered in the foothills for a tenday, waiting to receive my guidance. When I began to despair, I focused myself on the cold, removing my clothing in order to let it penetrate to my mind. I wandered in this way for a long time.

On a clear night I looked to the sky full of stars and received my vision. I was nearly at my limit, and my legs had begun to fail. The stars began to grow limbs, forming themselves into a huge tree, taller than the world, with its trunk rising up to bridge land and sky. I closed my eyes, but the tree grew even in my mind, towering over me with its presence. Something pushed my gaze downward, drawing my focus to the roots of the tree. At its base lay the body of a great bear. The tree roots covered the beast completely, entwining themselves in its hair and wrapping around its limbs to form a cage. The bear did not move, but I felt a terrible weight pressing on me then, as though I was myself being trapped and crushed by this tree.

When I awoke from my vision I found that my hands had grown long nails, and my body a coat of strange hair. These effects lasted two days after the vision. Yet I had received no totem, and been contacted by no spirit. I had failed the *meklejumi*, an unthinkable dishonor. When I returned to the tribe, I went immediately to Ullo to explain what had happened. He protected me: he arranged immediately to send me into military service, so that my honor would be preserved, and he told no one what had happened. But he did not have the answers I needed.

Ullo told me that there were legends of a great bear spirit called *magnar*, but that these legends were told only through song. No member of the tribe had a bear totem, and no one could remember a time when this was not true. Perhaps my *meklejumi* was a sign that the great spirits granted totem magic only to those born into the tribe. This news stayed inside me like a stone, sitting next to my stomach. When I raged, I imagined calling it up to hold in my hand, gripping it with all my might.

I left for my service a tenday after returning from the *meklejumi*. I joined the Company of the Raven, a mercenary group based in Glister, though I traveled to that town only once in my eight years as a soldier. We waged war against the Burning Banner tribe, a band of orcs led by the great orog Grod Shieldbiter. In the beginning, the Company looked to train me as a spy, to learn where the orcs dwelt and how to defeat them by living amongst them for a time. In this way I learned the orc language, but when the commanders saw me fight they decided there were other uses I could serve better.

Four winters we spent pushing the orcs back and back again, until we had chased them to the foothills of the Galena Mountains. At the ruins called Bloodstone Keep we confronted Grod and his lieutenants, cutting them down and trampling them with our horses. The remaining orcs fled, leaderless and defeated. I had made a name for myself on the battlefield, but still I carried the stone in my chest from the *meklejumi*. We came to Glister after the battle, to resupply and to seek out new work.

After the campaign against the Burning Banner came the Red Claws. I was happy, thinking that killing goblins would be simpler work than killing orcs. I was not wrong, but two winters after we took the contract, everything changed. We had nearly wiped out the Red Claws, but their leader formed an alliance with the Skullsmasher tribe of ogres, and so we gained a new enemy. I discovered quickly how much I hated ogres, and how I could use this hate to kill them.

What friends I had the ogres took from me. Two more winters passed before we felled their warchief Guld in his fortress of Fangjaw's Hold, and even this was done only through subterfuge. There was no battlefield on which I could ride triumphant. The glories won and bonds forged in my first campaign with the company now seemed to me the naive emotions of a child. When the campaign was finished I left the company, feeling that my service was over. I had given too much to those I did not care about, and received no answers to the questions that motivated me.

I heard stories of a town south of the mountains, a place of knowledge, old and crumbling but still proud.

I went.