# Dead by Daylight - background

- This adventure will take place in Aglarond, a magocratic state in the eastern part of Faerun, on the southeastern shore of the Sea of Fallen Stars. Aglarond is an isolated nation known for its powerful spellcasters but perpetually threatened by Thay, its neighbor to the east and the home of the infamous Red Wizards of Thay. Aglarondan people are suspicious of outlanders - any one of them could be agents of the enemy. The weather here is much milder than in Northern Faerun, with a climate more akin to the Caribbean at times.
- Most of the interior of Aglarond is covered by the Yuirwood, a massive forest that was once the home of the Yuir, an ancient race of elves. Though the Yuir have been gone for thousands of years, many places in the Yuirwood still act as portals to the Feywild. When the Spellplague struck Faerun, new rifts were opened across the Yuirwood and the energy of the portals became unstable, connecting them to the Abyss or other lower planes. With the restoration of the Weave, many of these portals have restabilized, but the Yuirwood is still a dangerous place.
- You've been staying in (or live in) the town of Delthuntel, a bustling port town on the Southern shore of Aglarond. Delthuntel is the new jewel of Aglarond, a rapidly expanding city of 14,000 that runs a thriving trade with the nearby genasi nation of Akanûl (genasi are humans whose heritage is connected to elementals in some way). The city is home to sizable contingents of pirates (who ply the many nearby islands, called the Thousand Swords), treasure hunters (who venture into the Yuirwood seeking elven ruins), traders, and laborers who dive for pearls or farm oysters. Feel free to choose one of these as a background, unless your character is an outsider.
- You've been summoned to the Lazy Fisher, a rowdy inn located right on the water in the dock ward of Delthuntel. Farian Black, a one-time mercenary who has recently turned to thieving as the ranks of Delthuntel's wealthy expand, has asked you to meet him to discuss a "business opportunity". Farian's fallen far from his peak as a soldier, but he has a good nose for money and might be onto something - or at least he made it sound that way. Feel free to get creative with how you know Farian.