---
act: 3
episode: 10
date: 2022-04-28
---
# Act 3, Episode 10
## 
After their audience with the Hill Elders, the gang take a moment to decide the fate of the Task Force. Peregrine contacts Leosin via *sending* to ask for recent intel on the Cult of the Dragon's movements. The Monk has nothing to offer, having spent the time since his rescue from Castle Naerytar in Waterdeep. Leosin does mention that the factions of the Sword Coast seem to be gathering a war council to respond to the threat of the Cult of the Dragon, confirming the rumor that Lord Duirsar had heard from the elves of the Misty Forest.

Resolving to get some more reliable intelligence, Peregrine performs a _divination_ spell, using the signed letter from Talis the white as a sacrifice to Bahamut to determine the current location of the vampire stalking Evereska. The Platinum Dragon briefly takes control of Peregrine's body, moving his arm to point downward — into the Passage, the deep cave network underneath the city.

When the Gang decide to follow this trail, Declan manages to convince captain Darthammel to take them into the passage without blindfolds, an incredibly rare privilege for any non-Elf. Now able to exercise his Spellsight, Declan notices rivers of magic flowing through the caves and feels a noticeable coldness in the air, which Calcey surmises might be an effect emanating from the lair of a powerful vampire. Hagar orders captain Darthammel to establish a guard at both ends of the passage to prevent the vampire or its servants from exiting the caves.

Down in the Vine Vale, the gang meet up with Archmage Araevin Teshurr, who has found no trace of his student Mithriel. The Archmage implores the group to go out to the last known location of the Vale Guard who may have been the Vampire's first victim two days ago, near the wreck of Skyreach Castle. In the shadow of the great iceberg, Calcey notices tracks that leave the well-worn path of other patrols...but only one set of footsteps, and they vanish after a few feet.

Interrupting the confusion of the group, High Huntress Thia Riverwall contacts Hagar via _sending_ to inform him that a potential vampire attack has occurred at the Floating Gardens. With the Archmage in tow, the group return through the Passage to the city of Evereska, where they visit a temple tucked away on a mossy island in the Singing Waters that serves as a place of healing. Thia directs them to Ariandar, a priest who was on duty when two hunters who had been recuperating at the Floating Gardens vanished from their resting place. Peregrine notices that the victims seem to have had time to leave with their personal possessions, while Declan manages to get Ariandar to admit to inviting in a soldier whose face was covered earlier in the evening.

The gang hold a brief council with Araevin to figure out their next move. Hagar orders the guards to keep strict watch over the Passage and to keep a lookout for those who may have been abducted: the soldier Tyrael Mooncairn, the student Mithriel Summergale, and now the two hunters Laethan and Morian. News of the hunters' abduction is given to their families. At a loss for how to tackle their problem head-on, the group decide to visit the college archives to learn more about what they are up against.


