---
date: 2022-02-03
act: 3
episode: 2 
---
# Act 3, Episode 2
## Killing Two Birds in One Castle
As [Araevin Teshurr](../npcs/araevin-teshurr.md) leads the Gang away from their audience with the Hill Elders, Hagar tells him that the [Cult](../factions/cult-of-the-dragon.md) may still be scrying on them. Araevin takes them to his office at the [College of Magic](../locations/evereska/college-of-magic.md), which is warded against divination magic. High up in the tower, the gang discover a large window made of theurglass, a rare and ancient type of glass. Peregrine is able to briefly manipulate the window into showing [Waterdeep](../locations/waterdeep.md).

The gang give Araevin a detailed accounting of the former inhabitants of Skyreach Castle, and recall its flight path. Peregrine performs a divination ritual to ascertain the whereabouts of the [Red Wizards](../factions/red-wizards-of-thay.md), burning the gang's cult robes in a brazier to show his deference to Bahamut. In return, he receives an unambiguous signal: two birds fly into the room and smash into the wall, falling dead to the ground. Hagar remembers that the castle's intended destination was the Well of Dragons in central Faerun, a place that Araevin knows is sacred to dragons.

Araevin casually tests Declan by asking him to fetch a tome from a shelf by reading its magical aura, learning that he possesses "the sight". The archmage reveals that he and Declan are the only ones he knows with this power, and that Araevin acquired it from a *selu'kiira*: an ancient elven loregem containing the souls of previous archmages. This transformation ritual made Araevin partly Celestial, which makes the fact that Declan simply "woke up" with this power even more confusing.

The High Mage confesses that he's captivated by Declan for another reason: the young sorcerer strongly resembles Araevin's former fiancee, Ilsevele Miritar, who was the Coronal of the legendary city of Myth Drannor. Ilsevele and her father led a crusade from the island of Evermeet to return to Faerun and reclaim the lost city while she was engaged to Araevin, but the latter's transformation ultimately resulted in the end of his betrothal. Ilsevele ruled Myth Drannor during a golden age that lasted more than a century, but the city fell in a cataclysmic battle around the time of Declan's birth.

As Declan gazes on the loregem that transformed Araevin, he is reminded of another artifact the gang has been carrying around that contains a soul: [Eryn](../npcs/eryn-ainath.md), the book recovered from the Claws of Tiamat. When Declan produces the book, it immediately seizes on something Araevin mentioned earlier about an artifact he had spent years seeking called the *Gatekeeper's Crystal*. Eryn warns the gang that the Crystal is incredibly dangerous, but it's not clear why the spirit imprisoned in the book knows about an ancient artifact even the archmage was unable to ever track down.

When Declan asks about the secrets of Elven High magic that Araevin learned from the *selu'kiira*, he takes everyone outside for a demonstration. High above the skies of [Evereska](../locations/evereska.md), Declan's spellsight can make out the shreds of a *mythal*, a permanent alteration of the weave that serves as a sort of magical shield for the city. Though Evereska and other great Eleven cities were once defended by these great magics, the knowledge of their workings has been almost entirely lost save for Araevin.

On learning that the gang have assocations with the [Harpers](../factions/harpers.md), Araevin directs them to the [Unicorn and Crescent](../locations/evereska/unicorn-and-crescent-inn.md), an inn established long ago for the rare moments when Harpers and other allies visited the city and needed a bed. In the meantime, the archmage promises to fetch [Rezmir](../npcs/rezmir-the-black.md)'s' black blade from [Starmeadow Tower](../locations/evereska/starmeadow-tower.md) and investigate it to make sure it doesn't pose them any danger.