---
act: 3
episode: 4
date: 2022-02-17
---
# Act 3, Episode 4
## Doors Keep People Apart
Investigating the massive metal chest in the chamber of the stone giants, Hagar tries and fails to pry it open with a crowbar. Peregrine wonders aloud if the chest might serve as a coffin to the vampire that previously inhabited the castle. Declan investigates the large cauldron, concluding it may once have served as a ritual device to aid the giants in conducting divination magic. Blasting the lid of the box with a *fire bolt*, Declan is able to weaken the metal enough for Hagar to pry open the lid and reveal the treasure inside: a collection of tiny but perfect gemstones and giant-sized jeweller's tools, floating in a magical globe of force. Covering the sphere with a cowhide, Hagar sends the Vale Guard soldiers to take the sphere back to [Araevin](../npcs/araevin-teshurr.md) to be analyzed. As a reward for his efforts, Peregrine gifts Hagar with a scroll of *flame sword*.

Returning to the area around the crashed castle, the group meet up with [Tomb Master Colbathin](../npcs/kinyon-colbathin.md). Assembling a force of the Cold Hand guards to accompany them, the group make their way back to the lower deck only to find that the entrance to the core iceberg has been blocked by a fall of debris and ice. Hagar summons a totem companion to survey the upper deck, and the bird's flyby reveals that two of the three towers have been sheared off by the impact. On Hagar's recommendation, Trueshot summons the Feather Cavalry so that the group can fly up to the upper deck. While the party waits for their arrival, Declan overhears [Captain Darthammel](../npcs/rhaellen-darthammel.md) reporting that one of his men went missing last night during sentry duty.

When the griffons arrive, the party do a flyby of the upper deck, noting glittering gems and brasswork from the wreckage of one of the towers. Landing near the high tower with a balcony, the group prepare to assault the lower door, only to find it blocked by what looks like several floor's worth of ice and debris that had fallen from above. Hagar concocts a plan B: he and Peregrine will ride one Griffon up to the broken roof, while Declan, Calcey, and Trueshot take another to the balcony. As the party puts the plan into action, the balcony team dismount only to find that the ice making up the balcony is not as solid as it appeared. Calcey and Declan manage to hang on to the edge of the tower, but Trueshot tumbles towards the frozen ground below.