---
act: 3
episode: 5
date: 2022-02-24
---
# Act 3, Episode 5
## Calcey, Do It More!
With Tomb Master [Kinyon Colbathin](../npcs/kinyon-colbathin.md) rapidly falling to an icy grave, Hagar slings out a coil of rope from the top of the tower for him to grab onto. Thinking quickly, Peregrine casts *banishment*, sending the Elven commander into a pocket dimension for a crucial 60 seconds while everyone gets into position. The Cold Hand soldiers mount up on Griffons and fly to the point at which Trueshot vanished, and when he reappears, he manages to grab hold of Hagar's rope just in time. Back on the tower's roof, Trueshot shows his appreciation by giving Hagar a bear hug.

Turning their attention to the darkened chamber inside the tower, Calcey and Declan get a better look at what appears to be the former residence of a vampire. Just as Hagar breaks through the ice in the ceiling, the Elf and the Halfling turn their gaze upward to find two gaunt Elves crawling around on the ceiling like spiders, thirsting for their blood. Trueshot smashes through the ceiling to come to their aid and a pitched battle ensues. Peregrine and Declan pour on radiant spells that sear the Vampire Spawn's skin, but both are soon holding tight to Quarantine Gang members and attempting to drain them of blood. Hagar tears one of the spawn off of Declan and forces it under a weak beam of daylight, burning away the last of the creature's unlife. After Calcey finishes off the other, Trueshot stakes it with a javelin and Hagar tosses its body out of the tower, which erupts into flame.

Collecting themselves for a moment and examining the vampire chamber, the gang conclude that the true Vampire that once resided here is no longer present — although it shows signs of recent activity. Peregrine examines the empty coffin and finds a strange dirt inside that reminds him of one of the necrotic potion ingredients from the Welltran Crypt in the Valhingen Catacombs; possibly grave dirt. Trying to recall the legends they heard about vampires, Trueshot and Declan surmise that the Vampire may have moved some of the dirt out of the tower to establish a new place of residence, leaving the Spawn behind to guard the coffin.

Resolving to search the rest of the castle for any traces of the Vampire, but wary of being ambushed, the group mount the Griffons to recon the top of the high blue ice tower that remains unbroken on the upper deck. Though a rope dangles from the top of this tower, there appears to be no means of entry other than the giant-size door with a massive iron lock. Expending a tremendous amount of energy, Calcey manages to defeat the lock mechanism and give the group a look at the interior of the tower, which is strangely empty but for a magical aura that Declan concludes might be some kind of portal. As the party are puzzling over what might be the key to activate the portal, Declan speaks the name of the giant Blagothkus's deceased wife Esclarotta and suddenly vanishes, transported somewhere unknown.