---
act: 3
episode: 7
date: 2022-03-17
---
# Act 3, Episode 7
Returning to the hollow chambers that descend through the core iceberg of [Skyreach](../locations/evereska/skyreach-castle-wreck.md), Calcey resolves not to inform the party about her discovery of the hoard of Glazhael the Cloudchaser in the central chamber. This decision soon becomes moot, however, as the party descend further into the iceberg and discover an entrance to the ground floor of the hoard chamber, where all the treasure looted from across Faerun is plain to see.

Tomb Master [Kinyon Colbathin](npcs/kinyon-colbathin.md) assures the gang that they are welcome to spend some time in the chamber recovering what they can from beneath the ice: as far as the armed forces of [Evereska](../locations/evereska.md) are concerned, there is enough here to repay the damage to the Vine Vale, and the gang have already proved their worth by saving Kinyon's life in the encounter with the vampire spawn. The soldiers leave the gang to try to extract what they can from under the ice.

While Hagar conjures a bonfire to melt away the cold, Declan blasts away with fire spells and the group go in search of magical items. As the ice begins to melt away, the Gang recover jewels, gold, and several strange treasures from the hoard. Calcey comes up with a _bag of holding_ and a strange pink-hued potion, while Declan manages to unearth a beautifully wrought set of _elven chain_. When the group finally emerge from the iceberg carrying from their treasures, night has fallen.

At the camp in the Vine Vale, Declan convinces Trueshot to try to eventually repatriate some of the stolen treasure to the people of the Sword Coast and Western Heartlands from whom it was taken. The Elven commander sends the Gang home to [Evereska](../locations/evereska.md) with a warning to watch their backs and those of the Hill Elders, with the vampire Sandesyl Morgia still at large. Hagar, Calcey, Declan and Peregrine leave the soldiers to their watch and ascend back to the city via the Passage.

In [Evereska](../locations/evereska.md), the group make for the office of [Araevin Teshurr](../npcs/araevin-teshurr.md) at the [College of Magic](../locations/evereska/college-of-magic.md). There the High Mage welcomes them, and reports his findings on the two magical items they obtained from [Rezmir the Black](../npcs/rezmir-the-black.md). Though the wizard is happy to keep custody of the _black dragon mask_, he's less thrilled about keeping around the wicked-looking black blade, which he explains contains the soul of an ancient military commander of a forgotten age. [Hazirawn](../npcs/hazirawn.md), as the being is called, is only too happy to curse and rage at anyone present, though as a weapon his powers are formidable. Hagar resists the urge to wield the weapon for the time being, and the group retire to the [Unicorn and Crescent](../locations/evereska/unicorn-and-crescent-inn.md) for a night of restful sleep.