# Be Our Guest

Date: November 4, 2021

- Striking while their foes are still glassy-eyed, the gang make short work of the remaining scouting party. [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) carves up the remaining Drake, while [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) fires from behind cover to prevent the beleaguered troll from regenerating and the rest of the gang bring it down before it can do more than take a chunk out of [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md).
- Just as the gang begin to rest, Calcey picks up the sounds of another hunting party headed their way from behind the lodge. Scrambling into the underbrush, the gang take cover just in time to notice a hulking four-armed troll send another army of drakes out sniffing around looking for the intruders. As everyone holds their breath, the troll raises its sensitive nose to the wind, catching the scent of bloodied adventurers.
- As the drakes descend on the party, some flee, while others try to hold their ground, confused about the troll's intentions. After a few blows, the troll crudely commands the party to halt in common, demanding they accompany him up to the "big house". Despite entreaties in both common and giant, he is unwilling to hear of anything other than a swift surrender.
- Galled by the troll's comment about her size, Calcey refuses to buckle under and fires her crossbow directly into his chest at point-blank range. Her bravado is rewarded by the furor of four hulking arms tearing her small body limb from limb, and only Declan's desperate plea in Giant forces the troll to throw the rogue's limp body to the ground. Acting perhaps under some external orders, the troll forces the gang towards the hunting lodge, dooming their hopes of entering without being noticed.
- The lodge is warm, dark, and lavishly furnished. A delirious Calcey is nearly killed by a clever ice trap on two sets of Elven plate armor, which Declan's spellsight reveals in the nick of time. Cautiously ascending the lodge's massive staircase, the gang emerge onto the second floor, where muffled voices are audible behind a large oak door.
- Inside the ornate room are a collection of characters utterly unfamiliar to the party: two thickset mercenaries in full battle armor, a dragonclaw cultist in ceremonial dress, and a haughty half-elven woman resplendent in enchanted white plate armor. In a tone of icy politeness, she bids the group welcome as her guests.