# Bricks in the Wall

Date: December 20, 2020

- Declan commissions some research work and outfits the servant's quarters in Denlor's Tower with some sleeping hammocks, while Peregrine lends a hand at the temple of Kelemvor. Calcey works on her investigation skills, while Hagar passes the time chasing after animals and building new relationships.
- Contacting the new captain Bramblebottom via *sending*, Peregrine learns that the crew of the *Seagull's Caw* made it safely back to Phlan and are preparing to meet at the Leaky Bucket to discuss their future opportunities.
- Spending another usage of *sending*, Peregrine contacts Sahnd Krulek and learns that the guards posted to the abandoned house on Steel Avenue are a newer development, and that the "evidence is in the basement" - whatever that means.
- On the morning of Marpenoth 29th, the gang fetch their keg of ale from the Laughing Goblin and Calcey singlehandedly rolls it out to Kabel's Hill, earning a few stares. The Brightbells gratefully receive this gift and treat the gang to lunch while inquiring after what young Calvin has been up to.
- Heading back into town, the gang fetch their silvered weapons from Alero and learn what they already know: the Black Fist change guards in the nighttime. From the safety of Bryce Vang's home, Declan continues to torment the guard Arthur, who now firmly believes the environs are haunted by the ghosts of dead children.
- Despite driving Arthur into complete madness, the gang are unable to stealthily scale the wall of the building, leading to a confrontation with both guards. Seizing the moment, Declan uses *misty step* to teleport into the broken roof area and hide. The rest of the gang talk their way out of a fight with some inspired acting from Hagar and Calcey, and toss Declan a note to lie low.
- Going over their options, Peregrine hits on an idea to use local kids as a distraction. Hagar easily attracts a crowd and woos them with the promise of a little silver. Though the children quail at the mention of ghosts, Peregrine placates them with a small display of arcane power. Soon enough the mob of kids are chanting Arthur's name and barreling towards the house.
- The distraction works perfectly: Arthur flees in terror and the other guard is engaged trying to keep out the kids. The gang slip in the rear door and eventually come to a boarded-up part of the kitchen that hides a hole into a belowground room with ancient-looking furnishings.
- Noticing that some of the books have been removed from the bookshelf, Calcey assembles a set of tomes that appear to light up bricks on one wall when touched. As the gang pore over the clues in the books, they eventually spell out the passphrase that unlocks a wall concealing a teleportation circle.
- Absconding with a ream of correspondence taken from a writing table in the basement that implicates the Cadornas and their servant Gensor in a fell plot, the gang emerge back into the abandoned first floor to contemplate their escape.