# Can I Get That To Go?

Date: March 17, 2021

- On the morning of Uktar 7, the Gang visit Mantor's Library to retrieve Declan's research. Impressed with scribe master Cassra's work, Calcey commissions research on Thurndan Tallwand, the mage who magically aged her as punishment for her theft.
- At [aya-glenmiir](../npcs/aya-glenmiir.md)'s shop, the wizard contacts [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md) via *sending* to check in on the status of the Tears of Virulence. Sirge reports that the traitorous Black Fist soldiers seem to be on high alert, making preparations to finally take the city. He estimates their number at 20, though Aya questions the accuracy of this guess.
- The Gang debate whether to call in reinforcements, considering contacting forces from the [order-of-the-gauntlet](../factions/order-of-the-gauntlet.md) and [harpers](../factions/harpers.md). Aya counsels them to operate solo as long as possible, in order to preserve the secrecy of the operation. Instead, she encourages developing a solid "plan B" in the event that the Gang is outnumbered. Declan comes up with the idea to flee into the Valhingen catacombs, where the Gang can lose any pursuers.
- Declan returns to Denlor's Tower to study [Eryn](../Characters/Eryn/%21index.md), while the rest of the Gang do some weapon shopping. Hagar and Peregrine purchase quantities of caltrops from both [alero-voortham](../npcs/alero-voortham.md) and [bryce-vang](../npcs/bryce-vang.md), hoping to cut off the escape of any of the Black Fists.
- Checking in with the gnomish healer [Fillistrom Wunderkundoodle](../Characters/Fillistrom%20Wunderkundoodle/%21index.md), the Gang examine his new stock of herbal tinctures, making several purchases. On the way, the trio stops by the Velvet Doublet festhall, where their request for to-go beer is somewhat disdainfully honored.