# End of the Line

Date: March 28, 2021

- The [lord-sage](../npcs/lord-sage.md) and [aya-glenmiir](../npcs/aya-glenmiir.md) meet the Gang at Denlor's Tower. Despite his promises, the Lord Regent appears to not be in attendance, and the Lord Sage doesn't have information about whether he will show. The Lord Sage gives [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) the [Thurndan Tallwand Dossier](../Handouts/%E2%9C%89%EF%B8%8F%20Thurndan%20Tallwand%20Dossier.md) she commissioned.
- The Gang cross the marble bridge to Valhingen Graveyard to take up their positions for the evening's events. Upon arrival, Aya happens to notice that one of the gravestones bears the name "Peregrine Buntly". Confronting [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md), the wizard demands to know what the young cleric's real identity is, and just how much he is hiding.
- As night falls, the Gang prepare to execute their plan. After some time of waiting, a full complement of Knights emerges from the darkness, numbering nearly 20. With them are a disguised [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md), along with [cron-bolver](../npcs/cron-bolver.md) and his co-conspirators, armed to the teeth.
- Meeting the group are several members of the Most Solemn Order of the Silent Shroud, disguised as dragon cultists. As Sirge steps forward to meet the group, he utters the code words agreed upon previously, but before anyone can act a disguised [Cassyt Melrona](../Characters/Cassyt%20Melrona/%21index.md) cheerfully nails him to the spot with a *hold person* spell.
- Their plans revealed, the gang attempt to talk the Tears of Virulence down, but the situation rapidly devolves into chaos. Sensing their betrayal, Cron and his allies urge the tears to slay all in their path and seize the moment to take control of Phlan and the Cinnabar Throne. Doomguide [yovir-glandon](../npcs/yovir-glandon.md) emerges from the shadows to wield the power of the spirits of the graveyard against the corrupt Knights.
- Outnumbered but not outgunned, the Gang and their allies hold their ground against the Tears, who press forward despite heavy losses. As the battle rages on, Aya Glenmiir immobilizes Cron in a powerful psychic prison. When Sirge finally shakes off the effect of the spell rooting him in place, the young Harper stuns everyone by plunging his sword into the defenseless Bolver.
- Though the forces of the Tears are thinned, Lt. Urakh and Sgt. Ambershard continue to fight to the death. Just as the Gang are running low on spells and resolve, Lt. [Aleyd Burral](../Characters/Aleyd%20Burral/%21index.md) emerges from the darkness with Lord Regent Ector Brahms, in command of the full contingent of Black Fists still loyal to the Cinnabar Throne. The fight is over, and everyone realizes it.
- Though the remaining Tears surrender themselves without a fight, a disbelieving Lt. Urakh makes a mad dash for the Lord Regent. The commander of Phlan's armed forces finishes off the great half-orc without so much as a second thought, and proceeds to order the incarceration of the remaining traitors. The Virulence affecting Phlan is quarantined.