# Grudge Match

Date: June 9, 2021

- As the crates are unloaded into the courtyard of the Carnath Roadhouse, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) notices some are stored in an interior warehouse where they aren't exposed to the elements. Some of these are being carried into the "strong room", a small area that is kept under lock and key.
- Meanwhile, [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) sizes up Bog Luck, the half-orc manager of the roadhouse, and notices that he wears a dagger similar to the ones carried by the [Cult of the Dragon](../factions/Cult%20of%20the%20Dragon.md) Dragonclaw bodyguards the gang fought at Kryptgarden. [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) spots that he's carrying a keyring as well.
- After foreman Briferhew convenes the group to receive their payment, the laborers disperse into the roadhouse to find beds. The gang manage to find a room with only two other occupants, one of whom is absent while the other appears sound asleep. Taking a moment to contact [leosin-erlanthar](../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md), the gang debate their next move.
- From Leosin, [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) learns that the half-dragon has made a rendezvous with an adult black dragon whose lair lies in the Mere of Dead Men. Leosin warns the gang that the cult seems to control the mere, and that he and Sirge are having trouble finding their way in the treacherous swamp.
- Heading upstairs to the canteen, the gang order a round from Gristle Pete, the cook. When the group attempt to leave, their way is blocked by the cult group from the caravan, who refuse to budge until their friend has a chance to exact retribution from Calcey. With neither side willing to back down, a bloody fight quickly breaks out.
- The fight ends nearly as quickly as it starts, with Declan's *Maximilian's earthen grasp* preventing the enraged cultist from landing any hits on Calcey. Once Hagar finishes her off, the remainder of the cultists cut their losses and withdraw, leaving a room full of stunned onlookers. Calcey notices that the gnome, Jamna, appears to have coolly observed the entire encounter.
- Excusing themselves awkwardly, the gang are confronted by Ardred Briferhew and subjected to a short lecture for having stirred up trouble. Though Ardred is sympathetic to their concerns, he is unable to guarantee them any kind of safety, since none of the rooms in the roadhouse except the strong room have locks. Back in their simple bunkroom, Peregrine uses a *clairvoyance* spell to peer into the strong room, seeing only the silhouettes of crates and other mundane objects.