# Is That My Jimmies Rustling?

Date: October 7, 2021

- In the aftermath of the battle for Castle Naerytar, the gang collect themselves and survey the landscape. [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) finds the Bullywug barracks empty, and in the kitchen the chef Tharm Tharmzid lies stabbed in the back. On the second floor amongst the cooking supplies his assistants seem to have met a similar fate. The rogue recovers her gems and pockets them without a second thought.
- While [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) investigates Dralmorrer Borngray's small spellbook, [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) searches for traces of Snapjaw. Under a pile of bodies, the cleric finds the leader of the Lizardfolk rebellion, who like so many of his tribesmen did not live to see his dream realized.
- [Leosin Erlanthar](../npcs/Leosin%20Erlanthar.md), tending to the wounds of [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md), asks the gang two favors. The first: contact [Aya Glenmiir](../npcs/Aya%20Glenmiir.md) to arrange the extraction of the two half-elf spies. The second: stay close on the trail of Wyrmspeaker Rezmir, and find a way through the portal in the dungeon to determine the final location of the treasure.
- Resolving to search the Wyrmspeaker's chambers for any clues to the portal's function, the gang ascend to the third floor of the Southwest tower of the castle. Inside Rezmir's lavish bedchamber, Peregrine opens a wardrobe that sets off an acid bomb trap, nearly killing Declan and ruining most of the inanimate objects in the room. Among the mess of papers on the Wyrmspeaker's desk, Declan strikes gold — notes that reveal the portal's activation keyword.
- Moving to the keep, the gang scour the former quarters of Azbara Jos and Dralmorrer Borngray. The Red Wizard seems to have covered his tracks well. When [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) bashes in the door to Borngray's bedroom, the gang is greeted by an irate raven kept as a guard animal by the former cult commander. Despite Hagar's charms, the bird refuses to take the half-orc as its master and demands to be released. Meanwhile, Declan uncovers Borngray's emergency stash of cash and gems.
- Dropping off the irritable bird with a less-than-amused Sirge, the gang decide to catch a little shuteye before embarking on the trail of the cult. When morning dawns, they re-enter the keep one final time to investigate the third floor. After Hagar demolishes another door — this one sealed to prevent entry — the group discover the observatory at the top of the keep. Just as they behold the intricate telescope within, gargoyles smash their way through the glass roof.