# Is This The Fuck Zone?

Date: October 14, 2021

- As the Gargoyles smash their way into the observatory, the gang fight back. [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) shatters stone flesh with powerful swings of the Shieldbiter Heirloom, and [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) blasts two of the elementals with a sizzling *chaos bolt*. The gargoyles fly over to see if they can knock out the sorcerer and drag him away, but a *mirror image* spell stops them from landing enough hits to down Declan.
- [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) beats one of the gargoyles back out of the tower, while [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) finishes off its remaining fellows. When the dust settles, Declan examines the ornate telescope in the center of the room and determines that its magical lenses can act as an *arcane eye* spell able to scry on anything within a 50-mile radius, if the operator is careful enough. Peering through the device, Declan observes the exterior of Voaraghamanthar's lair in the swamp, guarded by Lizardfolk sentries and infested with Kobolds.
- As the gang debate the potential uses of the telescope, Calcey is able to refocus it to point inside the nearby Northwest tower, revealing the final resting place of several astrologers, now haunting their corpses as Spectres. Their chamber is filled with old and crumbling star maps. Returning to the ground floor of the castle, the gang relay what they have seen to [Leosin Erlanthar](../npcs/Leosin%20Erlanthar.md).
- Proceeding into the dungeons of the castle, the gang decide to investigate the large subterranean lake formerly inhabited by Bullywugs and giant frogs. Swimming across to the island and venturing deeper into the chamber, Hagar discovers a small pool where giant tadpoles have hatched. Determining that they pose no danger to himself or others, he presses on into the unexplored caverns underneath the castle.