# Play Dead

Date: October 21, 2021

- Illuminating his mace with a *light* spell, [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) moves to back up [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md), calling the rest of the gang to join in the exploration of the subterranean chamber just off of the lake of frogs. Seeing nothing menacing in the light of the small chamber beyond, the group progress up a small flight of stone stairs and into the unknown.
- Moving deeper into the caves, the gang find another room seemingly devoid of content, until Peregrine's light reveals swarms of centipedes pouring out through a hole in the ceiling. As the bugs climb down the walls and surround the gang, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) throws one of the clay pots obtained from Pharblex's Sanctum. When the pot fails to break on impact, the rogue turns on her heels and flees the room, leaving her companions behind.
- As the centipedes descend on the gang, [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) manages to keep them off of his body using a well-timed *shield*, while the others frantically try to sweep the insects away and beat a hasty retreat to the safety of the lake. Taking a moment to catch their breath, the gang bathe in the frigid subterranean water and wash some of the grime and blood of the past few days off in preparation for their journey.
- Venturing back into the room of mist and clasping hands, the gang stand atop the portal in the dungeons of the castle as Declan speaks the command word. Transported through an astral space, they arrive in a mountain valley surrounded by whispering pines, with a large hunting lodge visible within a few hundred yards. Peregrine observes that the structure has somewhat fallen into disrepair, but is clearly currently inhabited.
- As Hagar concentrates to summon a totem companion, the gang are ambushed by a pair of trolls and their hunting drakes in the underbrush. Calcey manages to land another clay pot squarely on the nose of one of the trolls, but the strange frog poison doesn't seem to affect any foes. Bellowing commands in Draconic and curses in Giant, the hairy trolls urge their hounds on to battle.
- Thinking quickly, Declan manages to deploy a *hypnotic pattern*, catching the eyes of a troll and a drake. Meanwhile, Hagar sprints to aid Calcey and cuts into the remaining two drakes before they have a chance to really dig their teeth into the halfling. Alternating blasts of sacred flame and blows from his *spiritual weapon*, Peregrine lands hit after hit on the remaining foes.
- Pouring on fire and fury, the gang manage to eradicate one troll and prevent it from regenerating, while making short work of the other enemies. As the group catch their breath, they realize that one troll and its drake remain frozen in place, staring mutely at colored patterns swirling in the sky.