# Pool's Closed

Date: February 28, 2021

- At the end of the tunnel underneath the Valhingen catacombs, the gang debate extending the tunnel further or attempting to triangulate their position with magic. Stubbornly taking up the shovel, Hagar continues to hollow out the tunnel in the same direction. Just as he expends the last of his strength, he hits a shallow rock wall that opens up into a dark underground passage.
- Widening the hole in the rock into a crawlspace, the gang clamber into a rough-hewn chamber that slopes up into a massive underground cavern. Illuminated in the torchlight is a huge, crescent-shaped pool of liquid on the floor of the chamber, with a strange wooden pedestal set at its opposite end. As the gang draw near to the pedestal, Declan sense an aura of conjuration magic and yanks Hagar away from the possible danger.
- The gang take a short rest to mull over their options. Walking back over to the pillar, Declan and Peregrine determine that the top of its hexagonal surface is engraved with magical runes, perhaps designed to amplify or control devices set into its surface at six hollow points. Running on a theory, Declan expends a spell scroll of *identify* and grasps the stone, confirming that it is a *ioun stone of reserve* that currently stores a conjuration spell.
- Ascending the ancient grillwork stair set in the back of the chamber, Calcey reaches the top after some time and emerges into a dungeon-like room with no visible exits. Carefully traversing the walls, she is able to discover an illusion that covers a gap in the wall, leading to another dark room with a door set at one end. Meanwhile, the gang debate how best to utilize the *ioun stone*.
- Peregrine ascends the stair to cast *clairvoyance* on the other side of the wooden door, but hears nothing and sees only darkness. The cleric and rogue re-ascend the staircase together and Calcey picks the lock, revealing a small room on the other side with stairs that rise up out of this floor of the dungeon.