# Prince of Egypt Type Shit

Date: March 24, 2021

- [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) tails [Cron Bolver](../npcs/Cron%20Bolver.md) and his cronies to the Stojanow gate, getting just close enough to catch a snippet of conversation about "rallying the troops" and the west gate of the city that evening.
- At the New Phlan garrison, [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) knocks on the main door, while the rest of the Gang make themselves scarce. Continuing to pose as "Tommy", Peregrine collects the garrison's mail as well as his courier pay, leaving the two knights none the wiser.
- Back at Denlor's Tower, the gang meet up to examine the letters, concluding that while some are mildly interesting, none seem outright seditious. Calcey reports that the Tears seem intent on moving that evening. Peregrine leaves the tower briefly to purchase a lock and key set for the trapdoor on the roof.
- Using a handful of household props and a bedsheet, Peregrine again changes his appearance into a simple "peasant knight". The gang exit the tower ready to surveil the Fists again, but are stopped in their tracks when they notice a cairn built in the front yard: [Aleyd Burral](../Characters/Aleyd%20Burral/%21index.md)'s emergency signal.
- The Gang split up, with [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) and [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) heading for the "safe room" at the Cracked Crown to meet Aleyd. There, a panicked Lt. Burral tells them she's certain the Tears will move tomorrow evening, just as the Gang intends them to. Furthermore, she's picked up on Cron requisitioning green paint for reasons unknown.
- Calcey tails Lt. Bolver and two bodyguards to the west gate where he meets with Sgt. Ambershard, whom he had previously shared a pipe with. Their interaction this time is more direct: Bolver has one of his men deliver a pack to the dwarf, instructing her to give it to her men for identification purposes.
- Meeting back up at [Aya Glenmiir](../npcs/Aya%20Glenmiir.md)'s shop, the Gang relate what they've recently learned. Aya counsels caution: Bolver and his men may be more prepared to fight to the death than the gang has been giving them credit for, particularly if numbers are on their side. Her main piece of advice: get some sleep.