# The Joy of Exploration and Discovery

Date: May 2, 2021

- After arriving at Roarke House, the gang explain their reason for visiting Waterdeep to their host [renaer-neverember](../npcs/renaer-neverember.md). Lord Neverember recommends visiting Caravan Court, the place where [leosin-erlanthar](../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md)'s wagon train is likely to end its journey. The Gang learn about the weapons laws of Waterdeep, and formulate a plan to slip under the radar.
- Touching up their disguises with little help from [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md), the gang get their story straight. Sirge and [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md), alias Jens and Thor Cadorna, are traveling from Phlan to hopefully expand their family's trade portfolio. Their minder is the stern [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md), alias Olga Fingerbottom. They're guarded by a fearsome and silent pair of half-orcs in [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) and [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md), who are known as "Peregrash" and Giuseppe Tanuki respectively.
- Taking a lengthy spring stroll through the City of Splendors, the entourage eventually arrives at Caravan Court, mostly deserted in the morning save for a few street vendors and off-duty sellswords. Declan cozies up to a friendly caravan guard and learns that a half-dragon matching Leosin's description may have been sighted south of the city a few days ago, traveling with a mounted escort.
- With no other leads, the gang decide to pay a visit to Parlek Lateriff in Mountainside to see if he can offer any advice on [Eryn](../Characters/Eryn/%21index.md)'s predicament. The old sorcerer is unpredictable and short-tempered, but eventually lets them in to examine the book. When Eryn begins "speaking", everyone is amazed to discover the reason for her imprisonment: knowing too much about some kind of "key", one that can open (literally) every door.
- When Eryn mentions the initials A.B., Declan and Peregrine recall mention of something called the Arcane Brotherhood. Spooked, Parlek shooes the group out of his parlor, urging them to throw the book away and have nothing further to do with this obviously dangerous situation.