# Toilet Tower

Date: July 18, 2021

- [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) fights for his life, raging against the barbed tentacles and gaping maw of his unknown assailant. He is pulled under the putrid surface of the liquid multiple times and thrashed against the castle's walls and stairs, beaten within an inch of his life but refusing to submit. As the battle rages, lizardfolk arrive with weapons to draw off his attacker.
- [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) manages to find Hagar just in time to catch the Barbarian stumbling back onto dry land and cast *cure wounds*, helping him away from the savage inhabitant of the latrine. [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) and many of the castle's other denizens turn out to see what has happened, until Dralmorrer Borngray dismisses them and orders Hagar bathed. Meanwhile, Snapjaw catches Declan's ear and asks to meet above the forge that evening.
- Taking advantage of being temporarily left unsupervised in the kitchen, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) stashes a few gems where they'll be easy to find in sacks of grain. When Tharm the cook returns from the spectacle, Calcey pulls him aside to tell him that she has been sent by the [Cult of the Dragon](../factions/Cult%20of%20the%20Dragon.md) higher-ups to investigate Wyrmspeaker Rezmir herself for taking some of the stolen treasure — including the gems suspiciously stashed in the loft.
- Tharm is initially overwhelmed, but Calcey's offer of a better life outside Castle Naerytar convinces him to go along with her plan of poisoning the Wyrmspeaker's food. Exiting the kitchen to find her compatriots in the courtyard, Calcey explains her plan and begins hunting for poisonous ingredients with Declan's help. The two eventually concoct a mixture derived from the venom of the giant Centipedes that infested their chambers.
- That evening, as the cultists dine together in the Great Hall, the Wyrmspeaker returns from her travels and summons Dralmorrer Borngray to her chambers. The elf motions for Declan to join, giving him a chance to peek at the powerful Black Dragon Mask and mysterious greatsword the half-dragon is wielding, cloaking her in a plethora of magical effects.
- In Rezmir's chambers, Declan hesitantly gives his report on the torture of [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md) and [leosin-erlanthar](../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md). At Borngray's recommendation, Rezmir consents to allow Declan to continue to manage the interrogation, and then dismisses the two to be left at peace in her chambers. On his way back to the Great Hall, Declan reflects on whether the Gang may be in over their heads.