---
date: 2021-06-23
act: 2
episode: 13
---
# Act 2, Episode 13
## Down the Hatch
As the hours after dark pass, the gang debate how best to gain entry into the strong room. Before long, Jamna turns up outside their door to discuss the plan in detail. Eventually, the group settles on sending a single envoy into the strong room under the cover of an *invisibility* spell after picking the lock.

On their way down the stairs to the courtyard, [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) and [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) fail to conceal the sound of their movement. A sleepy laborer emerges from one of the first-floor rooms to ask who is about at this time of night. Peregrine's answer is unconvincing, but when Hagar claims that the two are venturing out to void their bowels, the laborer identifies Hagar as the toxic dumper of a few days earlier and gives the two a wide berth.

The gang enter the warehouse, and Jamna produces a small amount of magical light to allow [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) to pick the lock on the door. After [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) casts *invisibility* on the gnome, she quietly open the door using a *mage hand* cantrip and slips inside, out of view of the gang. Although the sound of moving objects and strange hissing noises emanates from the room, Jamna doesn't emerge for quite some time.

Finally, Calcey hears Jamna's seemingly disembodied voice telling her that whoever is in the strong room shows no sign of leaving. Hagar pushes some large crates in front of the warehouse door to create an obstacle along with some caltrops, but fails to be discreet and loudly cracks one open in the process. Unable to bear the tension any longer, Calcey strides towards the strong room door with a lit torch in one hand and a sword in the other.

Inside, the elderly rogue finds four very surprised Lizardfolk. The rest of the gang charge in to help their friends, and Declan's *hypnotic pattern* spell incapacitates all but one of the beleaguered lizards. Peregrine and Hagar don't waste the opportunity to strike freely at the others, carving up the scaly reptilians into bloody chunks. Calcey starts some of the broken crates on fire, but Declan hurriedly quashes the flames with a *control water* spell.

Her *invisibility* broken, Jamna searches furiously for an underground passage and discovers a trapdoor leading beneath the floor of the strong room, disappearing into it. The rest of the gang soon follow, after dispatching the remaining lizardfolk and casting some more caltrops for good measure. Proceeding down a slimy underground passageway for several hundred yards, the gang emerge into the swampy darkness of the Mere of Dead Men.
