---
date: 2021-07-04
act: 2
episode: 15
---
# Act 2, Episode 15
## Behind Enemy Lines
[Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) and [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) inspire the gathered Lizardfolk with magic and a rousing speech. When they ask about a plan of attack, Snapjaw admits that he's counting on his new friends to come up with something workable. [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) and [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) ask for more information about the "frog warrior", learning that a single leader or shaman commands the Bullywugs and is capable of wielding magic.

When the Gang mention checking in with their lost friends, Jamna demands to know who is lost in the mere with them. Deducing that they must be in league with [leosin-erlanthar](../../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md), Jamna offers a tidbit of information in exchange for confirming her theory: she is an acquaintance of [ziraj-the-hunter](../../npcs/ziraj-the-hunter.md), Master of Assassination for the [zhentarim](../../articles/factions/zhentarim.md).

When Peregrine contacts Leosin using *sending*, he receives dismaying news: the man with the strange hat resurfaced at the castle, and revealed himself to be one of the [red-wizards-of-thay](../../articles/factions/red-wizards-of-thay.md). Worse, he recognized Leosin, blowing the monk's cover and causing him to be imprisoned in the northeast tower of the castle. When Jamna receives this news, she bows out of the expedition, certain the wizard will also recognize her from the trip north from Baldur's Gate.

After a hasty meal of roasted fish and smashed birds, the Gang catch some shuteye on dry land before waking to part ways. Jamna and most of the Lizardfolk return to the Roadhouse, while the Gang, Snapjaw, and two others press on towards the castle via dugout canoe. During the day, Hagar attempts to call upon a totem spirit, but is unsettled by strange visions and unable to complete the ritual.

Making a rendezvous with the Lizardfolk scouts outside the castle, the Gang evaluate their options. Deciding to pose as cultists, they are led into the barbican and up the causeway by Snapjaw and his compatriots, eventually arriving in the inner ward of the castle. Snapjaw guides them to the forge, where a haughty elf is supervising a crew of lizardfolk attempting to forge steel weaponry.

The elf examines the Gang, concluding that their credentials are valid when they produce a set of cult regalia. Assigning each of them a job at the castle, he takes a particular interest in Declan's claim to being a competent interrogator, despite an obvious distate for the young half-elf's pedigree.
