---
date: 2021-04-25
act: 2
episode: 1
---
# Act 2, Episode 1
## Winter on the Moonsea
Learning quickly as a sous chef for Grinna Brightbell, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) grows closer to the hamlet of Kabel's Hill, discovering how tight-knit these farmers really are. When severe weather nearly leaves her for dead while ferrying important ingredients back from Phlan, the ranger Serelis Greenleaf appears to return Calcey back to health, saving her frostbitten limbs. King Witchthorn reminds Calcey that her debt is not yet paid.

Searching for more information about the history of metamagic, [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) recovers [harpers](../../articles/factions/harpers.md) records of the life of Sammaster, founder of the [cult-of-the-dragon](../../articles/factions/cult-of-the-dragon.md). While developing his spellcraft, Declan learns that the Chosen of Mystra have played an integral part in the history of the Realms for hundreds of years.

Working on his totemic connection to ritual magic with [aya-glenmiir](../../npcs/aya-glenmiir.md), [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md)  continues to suffer indecipherable visions. At Aya's advice, he makes the dangerous journey northward to return to the land of his birth, successfully completing a summoning ritual for the first time along the way. The village headman tells Hagar about the history of the primal spirits and their connection to his people, leaving Hagar with more questions than answers.

Poring over the contents of Denlor's library, [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) trains himself in combat casting and discovers that the Efreet lurking on the door to the wizard's chambers is a genie formerly bound to serve Denlor. The scornful [Ali](../Characters/Ali/%21index.md) eventually agrees to heat the tower for the Gang when Peregrine correctly answers his riddle.

As spring comes to the Moonsea and martial law is lifted, Aya Glenmiir summons the gang to her shop out of concern for her friend [leosin-erlanthar](../../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md), from whom she has not heard in two weeks. Afraid that Leosin's undercover operation has gone wrong, she asks the gang to travel to Waterdeep to intercept the caravan he is traveling with.