---
date: 2021-08-26
act: 2
episode: 23
---
# Act 2, Episode 23
## Discreet Opals
Venturing out into the darkness of Castle Naerytar, the Quarantine gang descend into the dungeons in search of the mysterious Bullywug leader. Following the trail blazed by [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md)'s totem companion, the group climb down a ladder found by [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) to meet the mist that swirls away into the night.

Taking a different route, the party follows the ever-narrowing cave passageway until it widens into a seemingly empty chamber, so full of mist that Calcey struggles to keep her head above it. As the halfling teeters around, she stumbles over something embedded in the ground: a permanent teleportation circle. Frantically waving their arms, the group manage to clear enough of the fog for [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) to determine that this chamber contains an Elfgate, a special kind of keyed portal to somewhere else on Faerun.

After covering the entrance to the portal chamber in caltrops and descending further into the murk, the group are greeted by two Bullywug sentries, who refuse them access to the shrine chamber beyond. When [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) cooks up a story about negotiating the treasure paid to the frog-men, they let the group pass into a chamber containing a dozen more bullywugs, where the situation quickly grows tense as everyone awaits the emergence of the shaman from his sanctum.

Hoping the frogs will be swayed by the promise of treasure, Calcey discreetly fishes out a few opals, immediately prompting the greedy amphibians to crowd the gang back towards the entranceway. At that moment, the bullywug shaman emerges from his chambers to see what all the fuss is about. Declan stalls for time while the rest of the gang prepare to spring the trap.

Releasing his spell for maximum effect, Declan annihilates several bullywugs in a fireball that scorches every corner of the frog shrine and burns the hair off of Hagar's chest. In the ensuing combat, the gang struggle to move without being pulled into the melee, while Hagar plunges into the fray and strikes a terrible blow to the lead Bullywug.

While his remaining henchmen are incapacitated by a *hypnotic pattern* spell, the shaman frantically flops in the direction of his sanctum, hanging on by a thread. Not to be denied, the barbarian pursues the frog all the way into his chambers, dealing the killing blow just as Calcey and [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) finish off the only bullywugs not taken in by Declan's light show. Leaving just one witless frog-man alive, the gang send him away screaming to bring the horror of the battle to his compatriots in person.
