---
date: 2021-08-01
act: 2
episode: 20
---
# Act 2, Episode 20
## Hey Ladies!
The members of the Scaly Death tribe of Lizardfolk debate their options for improving their quality of life. Snapjaw leads the charge for making a frontal assault on the Bullywugs, but he is opposed by two other members of the tribe urging caution and restraint due to a lack of high-quality weapons and the possible disapproval of Voaraghamanthar, the Black Dragon who rules the Mere of Dead Men.

Seeking the advice of [leosin-erlanthar](../../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md), [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) visits the room nearby where the half-elf monk is being held. Upon considering the situation, Leosin muses that the Red Wizard at Castle Naerytar is still at large, further complicating an already difficult situation. The Harper's council is to stick to the mission: continue to trace the stolen treasure on its way out of the castle, and avoid tangling with Wyrmspeaker Rezmir unless absolutely necessary.

Declan returns to the chamber above the forge to give the Lizardfolk a rousing speech ensuring them that Voarghamanthar surely approves of their efforts to seize their destiny: ousting the Bullywugs as the rightful rulers of Castle Naerytar. As [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) translates the speech, the lizardfolk converse with one another, eventually deciding to throw in their lot behind the Quarantine Gang. Declan asks Snapjaw to wait for a signal via *sending* to release the prisoners, and then proceed to the dungeons under the castle to make a move on the Bullywugs.

Upon returning to the gang's room, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) discovers a note penned by Azbara Jos, the representative of the [red-wizards-of-thay](../../articles/factions/red-wizards-of-thay.md) at Castle Naerytar. Jos seems to threaten the gang with revealing their true identity, but also suggests he doesn't outright oppose their efforts — at least not yet. Declan resolves the gang should try to sneak out and meet with him at the keep while the cultists still slumber.
