---
date: 2021-12-09
act: 2
episode: 33
---
# Act 2, Episode 33
##  Going Full Asshole
After a brisk hike through the forested woods of the Graypeak Mountains, the Gang arrive at the edge of the village of Parnast. Carried with them are the items Talis the White provided: a letter bearing her personal seal, to be delivered to one Naergoth Bladelord, wearer of purple, and a lance bearing a banner that marks the holder as Cultists who should be granted entry into Skyreach Castle, should its gates be closed.

As their escorts melt away into the forest, the Gang debate how to make their approach, conscious that their every move may be being watched by Talis. Making their way to Parnast, the party briefly stops at a small shrine to pay their respects to Chauntea. Seeing few other townsfolk about at this hour, they sight a tavern bearing a symbol of a golden tankard and enter the establishment seeking more information.

Inside the mood is subdued, and the proprietor seems confused as to why the gang haven't joined their comrades inside the castle. [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) and [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md)'s questioning seems to only further confuse the patrons, some of whom bolt from the building in fear. After rapidly realizing that their time to catch up to the castle may be running out, the gang make a swift (if awkward) exit.

Catching up to a wagon being driven to the castle gates by two villagers, the gang seek to impose their authority in order to ascertain what's inside the wagon. When the villagers assent, it's revealed that they are ferrying large quantities of frozen food to the castle. [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) tries to convince the two to abandon the food, creating a rotten smell, but they're unwilling to abandon such a quantity of provisions, and instead everyone hurries inside the castle gates.

Inside Skyreach Castle, the majesty of the Cloud Giant's fortress is quickly apparent. Huge towers and walls of ice soar above the heads of the gang, and a massive upper deck extends outward from the iceberg core to cast shadow over the lower courtyard. The villagers take their cargo to an inner area and leave the wagon, making their exit. Venturing inside, the gang help unload the provisions into a frigid storeroom. Just as they finish their task, the castle takes to the air, leaving the village of Parnast far below.
