---
date: 2021-12-16
act: 2
episode: 34
---
# Act 2, Episode 34
##  Leaking With Style
Making their way into the Cultist barracks, the Gang are challenged by a halfling who demands their credentials. Showing off a “Tiamat Salute”, [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) assures the suspicious onlookers that Talis the White has sent them to deliver a message specifically for the Wyrmspeaker. After being given directions to her chambers, the group departs to survey the castle, leaving [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) behind to join in the gambling and gather information.

Setting out across the courtyard, the remaining three adventurers discover a large stable, its 20-foot-tall doors slightly ajar. When [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) goes to take a closer look, he runs afoul of two hungry and bad-tempered Wyverns. Declan and [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) manage to pull the half-orc out of danger and shut the door before the ravenous beasts can bring their poison stingers to bear.

When two Ogres wander over to investigate the noise, Declan thinks quickly and convinces them that the group were simply lost. Reflecting on the glimpse of the inside of the stable, Hagar realizes that it contained an ornate bridle for the Wyverns, suggesting they were being kept as mounts. Meanwhile, Calcey artfully stacks the deck in order to paint one of the other cultists as a cheater, resulting in an argument over their card-playing.

Returning to the barracks, the group collect Calcey and continue their exploration on the upper deck. Ascending the icy staircase that winds through the castle’s central iceberg, the four emerge within sight of another group of Ogres practicing their javelin hurling. Nearby the Ogre barracks, they find three empty guest rooms sized for Giant occupants, with curious disappearing magical walls that lead to outdoor landing platforms.

Returning to the upper courtyard, the group approach the tall, slender tower near the center of the iceberg which Declan can see is protected by some form of arcane lock. As the group investigate further, a gaunt Elven woman suddenly appears from the shadows to admonish them for attempting to gain entry into a chamber that was “not meant for them”.
