---
date: 2021-11-11
act: 2
episode: 32
---
# Act 2, Episode 32
##  Concealed Docking
Cautiously accepting the offer to be seated, the gang become acquainted with Talis the White, a disgruntled cultist who covets the title of White Wyrmspeaker but has so far not managed to gain entrance to Severin's inner circle. Talis grills the gang about their whereabouts and intentions, trying to determine if they were in pursuit of Rezmir and their likelihood of being able to take her out.

Eventually, the haughty half-elf tips her hand: she has decided to press the gang into service as assassins and troublemakers, given that their paths somewhat align. In exchange for their lives, their mission is to inflitrate Skyreach Castle and cause as many problems as possible for Rezmir and her allies, causing her to fall out of favor with Severin and give Talis an opportunity to rise in the ranks.

Skyreach Castle, the group learn, is an ancient relic of the Cloud Giants, kept aloft by mysterious magic and animated by the spirit of a dead giant. Its denizens include Blagothkus, husband of the deceased, a vampire of the Morgia family, an adult white dragon named Glazhael, called the Cloud-Chaser, and numerous other servants and hangers-on of the cult. Currently, it serves as a mobile treasure barge collecting the spoils looted from across Faerun to serve as Tiamat's hoard.

As insurance that the gang will carry out her mission, Talis demands a lock of hair, that she might scry on them at will to observe their whereabouts. [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) volunteers by promptly ripping out some of his pubic hair, which Talis dutifully stores for later use. As the group pose her more questions, Talis orders the lodge's servants to bring dinner, and the gang enjoys one of the better meals they've had in some time.

Talis concludes the meeting by promising to outfit the gang with gear that will ensure their safe passage into Skyreach. When [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) mentions that Rezmir has seen their faces before, Kusphia the Dragonclaw suggests donning cult costumes that permit masking the face, to make it harder to identify the group. When dinner is over, Gastyn the butler shows everyone to their lavish suite of rooms for a night of restful sleep.