---
date: 2021-05-16
act: 2
episode: 6
---
# Act 2, Episode 6
## Industrial Espionage
Having identified themselves to [leosin-erlanthar](../../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md), the gang learn from him that the [cult-of-the-dragon](../../factions/cult-of-the-dragon.md) has been busy in the south during the winter. Evidently Greenest was the not only place to be attacked and looted. Leosin identified two strange individuals traveling with the caravan, one of whom - a gnome - has grown suspect of his cover story, preventing him from directly answering a *sending* spell.

When the cult wagons continue north up the High Road through Waterdeep, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) and [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md) tail them, with the rest of the gang keeping a safe distance. The wagons cover much of the city, finally stopping at a warehouse on Thunderstaff way. There the cult cargo is unloaded by a crew of laborers who meet the cultists. They're taking orders from Varick, [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md)'s old handler.

[Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) notices that the warehouse appears to be run by a merchant company, and Calcey gathers that the gang could easily find employment as laborers by returning at sunup the next day. Leosin decides to take off to pick up the trail of the half-dragon, who he believes is a powerful cultist hiding some kind of magical item. Sirge joins his old teacher and the two depart.

Tailing some of the laborers and the mysterious gnome across the road to a gambling house, [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) and Peregrine learn that they are employees of the High Road Charter Company, which may be related to the Neverember family. Regaling them with a tale of marital strife, Peregrine invites the crew to drink and gamble, but is skillfully separated from much of his coin by the gnome. Declan inquires about the perils of bringing building materials north along the High Road to a place called the Carnath Roadhouse.

After determining that the laborers likely don't know they may be transporting cult goods, the two casters return to Roarke House immediately followed by [renaer-neverember](../../npcs/renaer-neverember.md). When asked, Ren confirms that his father Dagult operates the High Road Charter Company, and that the convoy will likely be transporting building materials on the way north on behalf of the [lords-alliance](../../factions/lords-alliance.md).

Meanwhile, Calcey and Hagar patrol the warehouse. Once night falls, the two sneak up to the building and send Calcey inside with a grappling hook. Moving around in the darkness is difficult, but Calcey finds several large groups of crates and objects under canvas. Eventually, she stumbles upon a desk with some papers, hurriedly stuffing some into her pockets.

When Calcey discovers the door is too large to unbar, she desperately casts around for some way to get Hagar's aid. Throwing a rock out the window prompts Hagar to sling the grappling hook back into the building, and Calcey rides it up and out to safety so the two can make their escape.