---
date: 2021-05-30
act: 2
episode: 8
---
# Act 2, Episode 8
## Murder Most Foul
As the caravan makes its way north from Waterdeep, both [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) and [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) observe the gnome keeping an eye on the stranger in the hat...and keeping tabs on the Quarantine Gang, as well. The first few days of travel are largely uneventful, with the option to stay at inns near the High Road keeping morale high. Calcey notes that some of the laborers may be catching on to her disguise.

During a downpour on the second day, one of the wagons breaks a wheel against a rock, spilling some of its contents for [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) to take a closer look. Confirming that the wagon contains items of some value mixed in with the construction equipment, Peregrine is able to intimidate a laborer into admitting that foreman Briferhew has no idea what's being smuggled on this trip, but is unable to get anything more out of the frightened man.

Meanwhile, [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) creates a distraction by damaging another cart wheel. Alarmed, Briferhew calls a meeting to grill the convoy. When no one steps forward, the convoy patches up the wheels and moves on. Ardred castigates Peregrine for failing to fulfill his duties as a Sergeant and keep the convoy in line.

The following morning, the gnome surprises the gang by introducing herself as one Jamna, plucking a sliver of bone from Peregrine's oatmeal that she believes was intended to slowly and painfully kill each member of the gang. That evening, Jamna reveals she's also working against the [cult-of-the-dragon](../../factions/cult-of-the-dragon.md), hoping to get more information from the gang. Calcey determines she's on the same side, but isn't telling the full truth of what she knows.

The gang take a moment to contact [leosin-erlanthar](../../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md) via a *sending* spell. Leosin reports that he was sure the gnome wasn't part of the [harpers](../../factions/harpers.md), but that she might still be friendly to their cause. Like Jamna, he recommends the gang get closer to the man in the hat to determine his motivations.

The next day, the convoy is assaulted by a hunting party of hungry Perytons, hoping to consume the still-beating heart of any unlucky enough to fall prey to their talons. Though Declan and Peregrine are knocked unconscious in the fighting, the gang rally to take out both of the winged horrors assaulting their wagons. Despite the loss of four laborers, Ardred commends the guards corps for their bravery, thanking Peregrine personally for his bravery as commanding officer.

The gang are woken the next morning by a cries of "murder!" to find one of the cult-adjacent laborers facedown in his own blood. Declan's *cure wounds* spell fails to raise the hapless man, and his irate companions immediately point fingers at Calcey, who they accuse of having been "snooping around" the wagons looking to steal the cargo. The accusations begin to fly thick and fast.