# Boxmaker's Union

Date: August 4, 2021

- Visiting the Castle Naerytar keep under cover of night, the Quarantine Gang are reacquainted with Azbara Jos, representative of the [red-wizards-of-thay](../../factions/red-wizards-of-thay.md). Jos trades questions and answers, eventually revealing that his home country of Thay has been under the despotic rule of the lich Szass Tam for some time. Jos and his friends are considering assisting the cult in exchange for Tiamat's assistance in ousting Tam, but are doubtful of the cultists' magical prowess.
- When [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) notes that the cult likely let at least one of the Dragon Masks slip through its fingers at Kryptgarden, Jos counters that he has heard the Red Wyrmspeaker recently claim ownership over the Green Dragon Mask. When the gang fails to impress him sufficiently, he bids them goodnight and haughtily excuses himself.
- The next morning, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) finds a spare moment in the kitchen to cook treats for the rest of the gang and approach Tharm, the disgruntled cook. Asking the dwarf to lay low for a little while, the thief lays on her charm and assures him that the plan will soon be set into motion — but the time is not yet right.
- Meanwhile, the box-building work in the Great Hall is interrupted by the arrival of the leader of the Bullywugs, who claims the cult has not paid him for his services. Dralmorrer Borngray is hurriedly fetched by one of the Dragonwings, and the cult lieutenant disdainfully fills a box with jewelry and other items to give to the expectant bullywugs. [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) notes that all of the items appear to be ladies' finery, perhaps a private joke by the haughty elf.
- Observing this past-due payment, [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) strikes up a conversation with the gnome Warryn Janda about the working conditions in the castle. Janda proves receptive, promising to speak with the rest of the assembled cult initiates about a unionization effort on Peregrine's behalf.
- In the Northeast tower, Declan reports to the prison cell of [leosin-erlanthar](../../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md) and [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md). The Harper monk muses that one of Borngray or Rezmir must be the key to ferrying treasure out of Castle Naerytar.
- The former turns up as if on cue to ask Declan to get more information out of the captives: when will the [order-of-the-gauntlet](../../factions/order-of-the-gauntlet.md) send reinforcements? Rezmir and her elf lieutenant plan to be operating the castle's astronomical equipment in order to spy any more forces before they arrive. Declan notes that Borngray's tattoos identify him as a member of the [eldreth-valuuthra](../../factions/eldreth-valuuthra.md), an elven secret society dedicated to the eradication of humanity.