# Castle Crashers

Date: December 23, 2021

- Offering their excuses to the vampire Sandesyl Morgia, the gang retreat to the safety of the staircase leading down to the Castle’s lower courtyard. But the vampire apparently doesn’t pursue the cause further, unable to brave even the weak sunlight of the upper courtyard. Nevertheless, the gang decide to pay Wyrmspeaker Rezmir a visit.
- Returning to the lower floor, the gang briefly examine some of the other rooms in the Castle’s Northwest corner, discovering another guest bedchamber hewn from the ice — this one sized for a human, but otherwise as empty as the others they have discovered. [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) and [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) notice this bedroom, too, has a vanishing wall of ice leading to an outdoor landing platform.
- At the rear corner of the castle, the group overhear an argument in an unfamiliar language from behind closed doors. The voices are familiar, however, and Declan’s *comprehend languages* spell reveals the truth: in the chamber beyond, two of the [red-wizards-of-thay](../../factions/red-wizards-of-thay.md) are debating the finer points of the devilish ritual that will summon Tiamat to the Material plane from her prison in the Nine Hells.
- The gang get up-close and personal with Wyrmspeaker Rezmir, who demands proof of their supposed mission aboard the castle. When the half-black Dragon sees the seal of Talis the White on the gang’s letter, she opens it in a fit of suspicious anger. Inside is the message Talis included as a backup plan, revealing that the gang have outlived their usefulness as expendable muscle. A desperate battle inside the Wyrmspeaker’s chambers begins.
- Declan struggles to avoid being smothered by a magical rug, but manages to deploy a *hypnotic pattern* that largely keeps the Wyrmspeaker’s two guard drakes at bay. Meanwhile, [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) mounts an all-out assault, but is stymied by the magical darkness emanating from Rezmir, which allows her a brief opportunity to retrieve the *black dragon mask* from a chest.
- Now at the full height of her power, Rezmir bears down on the gang in the confined space, her ancient greatsword crackling with necrotic power. Fighting until her last breath, the half-dragon alerts the vampire abovedecks to raise the alarm. No sooner have the gang finished her off then the nearby Red Wizards arrive to investigate and a standoff ensues in the castle hallway.
- The unfamiliar Red Wizard offers to buy the gang some time, but in exchange demands the Black Dragon mask, which they are unwilling to fork over. When the wizard attempts to exert his commands by force, Declan pulls off a *counterspell* that saves Hagar from a charm spell. The rest of the castle’s denizens pour into the chamber to see what all of the fuss is about, led by the cloud giant Blagothkus himself.
- Disguising himself as the slain Wyrmspeaker, the Red Wizard takes control of the situation, asserting that the gang have taken the Black Dragon mask from him. When Declan counters with an explanation of what really happened, the Wizard decides to tip the scales in his favor by quietly charming Blagothkus into taking his side. The gang are herded into the large chamber in the corner of the castle for “punishment”.
- Inside the chamber, the Wizard reveals his plan: commanding the Giant to run straight through the vanishing wall of ice and out into open air. The charm spell breaks too late for Blagothkus to prevent his fate. Trying to bring the plan to completion, the wizard lines up a *fireball* at the gang, but is again blocked by Declan’s *counterspell*. With no one in control, Skyreach castle tips toward the earth and a mad battle for survival begins.
- Calcey makes a fierce run at the wizard, pushing him nearly to the edge of the icy platform. As the rest of the gang prepare to jump, Declan pulls off a daring *polymorph* that transforms the wizard into a turtle, ejecting him immediately into the frigid air. The gang wait until the last possible moment before jumping out of the castle themselves, tumbling high above a snowy mountain range until their scroll of *feather fall* activates and they are deposited in the middle of a forbidding mountain pass.