# My Wife Left Me

Date: May 26, 2021

- Taking a closer look at the papers [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) snatched from the Charter Company warehouse, the gang determine that they record shipments arriving at the warehouse from all over the Sword Coast. Most are destined for Neverwinter or the Carnath Roadhouse, and many - including some shipments from that same day - are listed under the name of Varick, [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md)'s former cult contact.
- At Roarke House, Peregrine takes a moment to contact [leosin-erlanthar](../../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md) with a *sending* spell and notify him that the gang intend to depart the next morning along with the convoy. Leosin guesses that the Carnath Roadhouse may not be the final destination, despite what the ledger records, and cautions Peregrine to keep an eye on the gnome with whom he traveled north from Baldur's Gate.
- Fearing their theft will soon be discovered, Calcey and [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) return to the warehouse that night to return the documents. With some clever usage of *misty step* and a little bit of luck, Declan finds his way into the warehouse and eventually replaces the pages atop the Charter Company ledger, narrowly avoiding discovery by the guards with a little help from Calcey.
- The following morning, the gang rise early and report to the warehouse to seek employment with the group headed north. The foreman Ardred Briferhew takes stock of each of the laborers looking for work, trying to determine who will make a good loader or fighter. Calcey shows off her trademark grit by challenging a one-eyed dwarf to a fight, and when she manages to pin him to the ground Ardred hires her on the spot. The dwarf leaves in a huff.
- [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) has trouble lifting a crate, accidentally spilling some of its contents for a brief moment until some of the loaders can hurriedly rush it onto a wagon. Though Ardred is unimpressed, Hagar makes up for his failure with a show of strength, earning a spot as a guard with the convoy. Declan shows off a little arcane prowess and is also granted a berth as a guard.
- Peregrine's sob story about his unfaithful wife doesn't earn him much ground with Ardred, but in a flash of inspiration, he uses a *thaumaturgy* spell to increase the volume of his voice and frighten a hapless laborer into moving a crate. Impressed, Ardred hires Peregrine as a Sergeant, hoping he can put that voice to use whipping the other guards into shape.
- With their full number assembled, the Charter Company convoy prepares to depart for the Carnath Roadhouse, a journey of about ten days. In all, they number about a dozen guards and two dozen laborers, crewing six fully loaded wagons.