# Natural Male Enhancement

Date: July 25, 2021

- While finishing their dinner, the gang try to determine if any of the cultists at Castle Naerytar might be convinced into overthrowing their leadership, concluding that money might be a motivating factor for a few. Back in the room, [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) summons a totem companion to investigate the Northwest tower, eventually making its way up to the third floor before being assaulted by spectres.
- The rest of the gang resolve to attempt to finish the recon job on foot, but emerge into the inner ward to find the Guard Drakes posted there are suspicious of the unfamiliar faces. After a variety of techniques fails to pacify the beasts, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) manages to win them over, buying time for [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) and [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) to approach the pit where "Big Mouth" awaits them.
- Thanks to combination of Peregrine's *enhance ability* spell, *misty step*, and a last-second *shield*, Declan is able to avoid the tentacles of Big Mouth and slip up to the rotting second floor to investigate the chest there. Picking the lock, he discovers a pile of treasure deemed not worth hauling down to the lower levels, consisting mostly of copper and silver pieces.
- When the sounds of this adventure attract the attention of several Dragonclaws, Calcey somehow manages to convince them that she and Peregrine were up late in order to use the toilet tower, and the gang creep back towards their room. Calcey uses her *cloak of elvenkind* to follow the sounds of the cultists ferrying treasure out of the Great Hall, and determines that it's being brought down into the caverns beneath the castle.
- Summoning another totem spirit, Hagar sends it down into the darkness of the caves to investigate the paths taken by the cultists. There, it glimpses what lies beyond the crane the gang saw on their first trip downstairs: a fifteen-foot drop into rolling mist that trickles into a strange room filled with frog iconography. Peregrine uses *clairvoyance* to confirm that the cultists are taking their treasure to the crane.
- Making their way to the Northeast tower to rendezvous with the lizardfolk, the gang find that many of the scaly folk are not in their bunks. Calcey notices that the doors in this part of the castle seem to operate exceptionally quietly. When the gang emerge into the room above the forge, they saw Snapjaw along with representatives from all parts of the Scaly Death tribe, awaiting their counsel.