# The Chalkboard Technique

Date: July 7, 2021

- Introducing himself, the cult leader Borngray takes [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) up to the second floor of the Northeast tower of Castle Naerytar, where [leosin-erlanthar](../../npcs/leosin-erlanthar.md) and [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md) are being held captive. Explaining that he possesses a special interrogation technique, Declan artfully pretends to torture Sirge until Leosin "talks", admitting that he and Sirge were Order of the Gauntlet agents abandoned by their handlers.
- When Declan deploys his "nails on a chalkboard technique" by creating an earsplitting illusion sound, Borngray is forced to vacate the area and allow the torture some time to work. Hurriedly conferring with Sirge and Leosin out of earshot of the Lizardfolk guards, Declan learns that the Leosin's injured arm is only an act.
- Meanwhile, Snapjaw guides the rest of the gang through the castle's inner ward, where they glimpse three drakes on patrol. Hagar identifies the drakes as being distant dragon relatives, while Peregrine recalls that the [cult-of-the-dragon](../../factions/cult-of-the-dragon.md) has the ability to create them in a magical ritual with the assistance of a real dragon.
- As the group pass through the Great Hall of the castle, Calcey spots the treasure hoard carried north from Baldur's gate laid out across several large tables, but notices that a small amount appears to be missing. Several medium-ranking dragon cultists in black dragon regalia sort through the treasure, paying little attention to the newcomers.
- Arriving at the Southwest tower, the rest of the gang find the area damp and moldy. Snapjaw indicates the stairs leading down under the castle's foundation, warning the group that the "frog warrior" is often to be found there. When the Lizardfolk departs, an adventurous Calcey descends the stairs, and the rest of the gang soon follow.
- In the dank and slimy caves underneath the castle, the gang find a wooden crane stretching out over a vertical drop. Following the source of water spilling into the room, Calcey emerges into a smaller cave where several eye-popping gemstones glitter in the dark water. When she investigates further, an Ooze attacks, burning away at her rapier until help arrives and she is able to fell it with a well-placed arrow.