# Session Notes 2020-12-02

Date: December 2, 2020

# Todo

- [x]  outline episode
- [x]  find an ocean waves/on-board-ship ambient sound to loop

# Announcements

- Reminder to send nick feats you are interested in: I think only Hannah did this so far. You should now have access to extra feats in D&D Beyond!
- Testing new audio setup. Let me know what you like/don't like.
- New camera.

# Outline

- seeing the ship arriving, sirge asks who is aboard it and how to get down to ground level to board the ship. he is especially concerned with whether it's alright for him to accompany the PCs and if they can direct him to Aya. can read info in [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md) if PCs ask about what he's supposed to do.
- the caravan guards resolve to take the longship and return it to Phlan, despite the hostile seas. "think about it! even if we sell 'er, we all eat for a year...". One of the dwarves is superstitious and refuses to board the ship until it's been named. They debate what to name the ship. they ask the PCs their names. Ilham makes fun of Peregrine's name, but Calvin shyly comes up with "it's a good name. It means wanderer." If the PCs don't object, the ship is named after peregrine.
- they elect a captain. ilham self-nominates but incurs the ire of the dwarves, who distrust him. but to everyone's surprise calvin also volunteers to be captain, and wins the votes of nearly all the guards, and with ilham's grumpy consent the young man takes charge. He decides they will take provisions off the ship and rest in the sea cave.
- "as you row the small boat away from the coast into the freezing fog, the exertions of the day come crashing down around you. the wounds opened over the past few hours that were resealed by magic or ignored by sheer force of will suddenly crowd into your consciousness, refusing to be ignored. you are exhausted. the bitter cold of the night whips through your traveling clothes, some of which hang in tatters about you. everyone is silent."
- when the PCs row back to the kite, they find an anxious crew. all were worried about their safety, having assumed that it would be days before they returned, and so assumed that something had gone terribly wrong. The tiefling doctor character (Elma) brings them hot tea. walt inquires after sirge's intentions, but says the whole story can wait until the next day.
- captain walt suggests they drop anchor in the cove for the night, rather than trying to brave the weather. he doesn't like to sail when the moon is hidden, if he can avoid. they can make for Phlan first thing in the morning.
- "moving on autopilot, you make your way belowdecks and stumble into whichever open cabin you find first. sleep takes you almost instantly, as the *kite* rocks back and forth in the ocean swell. declan, as you climb into a bunk, you notice sirge laid out on the bare floor, already snoring loudly. as you put your pack down..."
- on board the kite, before sleeping, the book rouses declan and makes its way out of his pack to curtly show him the story of the owlbear's taking, and how it could be calmed with a single word (*Arael'sha* - if hannah asks, it means 'flower'*)*. declan gets the feeling that the book is insulted that it wasn't consulted for advice during the battle.
- each of the PCs has a dream while they are rocked to sleep by the boat. ask everyone to drop from the call. tell hannah to listen to music so details aren't revealed. do a one-on-one with each PC over discord, while the others work on leveling up their character during this time. when everyone is done, invite them back to the channel.
    - HAGAR:
        - You stand on a vast empty plain, looking at a tree so huge its very limbs hold up the sky, and its leaves are the stars. At the base of the tree, a great bear lies underneath the roots, its massive form caged by the twisting bark. There is an overwhelming crush of pressure, as though your body is deep underwater. As you regard the bear you are filled with sadness, that this magnificent creature should be only food for the tree above it. Gradually, you become aware that the bear is not dead. Slowly, its great chest moves up and down with the rhythms of breath. You take a step closer to examine its face. Suddenly, the eyes snap open - huge eyes, like a dragon, but full of stars. The bear and the tree are yanked away from your field of vision, as you are suddenly thrust into a whirlwind of images. In a driving blizzard, scores of creatures made of ice march through the ruins of a conquered city, led by a walking corpse so windburnt that it has almost no skin. A one-eyed orc covered in animal teeth and fur rides hard across a desolate plain, clutching a tiny boy and girl to his chest. Deep in a forest, a circle of hundreds of elves with hands joined stand around a stone monument carved with strange runes, their faces lifted in song that you cannot hear. As you try to make out the writing on the stones, the words come to you: something repeated, ha-gar, ha-gar, ha-gar...as your eyes open you realize someone has been saying your name. Leanne looks down at you with a grin. "You were *out*, and no mistake! Moonmaiden's gone to bed, and it's up with you. Captain wants you abovedecks."
    - DECLAN:
        - The warmth of the summer sun beats down, radiating back to you from the dirt in the fallow portion of the garden. Yethor explained to you once that the reason that Chauntea's family always kept part of the garden empty was so that things could have a chance to rest before growing again, but privately you always thought it was so you could have a place to play with Saelithil when the elves came. And now she's here, and you have a few hours of peace, joy, something to break the monotony of the summer heat. Right now she's laughing, but there's nothing funny to laugh at - the story of the Fall of Netheril is a good story, it's a serious story! You might not be the best storyteller, but anyway you only get to practice on Yethor, and Yethor wants to tell the stories all the time anyway, so it's not your fault. Saelithil is pretty when she laughs like this, but right now something about the heat and your pent-up summer feelings are making you hate her for it. Is it funny that a mage doomed his people to destruction for the hubris of crafting a spell so powerful it could make him a god? How many people died then? That one mistake cost the life of the goddess of magic herself to undo, not to mention the lives of thousands of the Netherese. The only thing funny about that, you think to yourself, is that it isn't even the first time it's happened. All these human wizards, thinking that their knowledge and power made them fit to be kings, gods. What did they know about beauty? What did they know about magic? The time they spent on this earth was like the lifetime of a flower to the elves and the giants, the people who cared about each other, the planet. You realize your jaw is clenched uncomfortably. Unconsciously you feel out for your arcane focus with your left hand, feeling an emptiness in the air where it should be. Saelithil laughs harder, watching your awkward fifteen-year-old self fumble around in the air. "Looking for something?" You are gritting your teeth so hard you're afraid you'll bite off your tongue. It feels like someone is shoving red-hot nails into the tips of your fingers. Is this what it felt like when the goddess of magic sacrificed herself, you think? Abruptly Saelithil stops laughing. "What?" you say with a mouthful of blood. Her eyes huge, she holds out the arcane focus, hands shaking. You take it immediately and a wave of relief washes over you so strong, like being bathed in ice. When you open your eyes again she's running, her long hair stretching out behind her in the sun, barefoot across the garden. "What? What is it? i'm sorry..." You look down at your reflection in the globe in your left hand. Arcing out around you is a halo of flickering white fire, curling and twisting slowly in the light. As you watch, the fire slowly recedes, dimming until you are staring back at your own confused, drained face. You stand alone listening to the insects humming about in the flowers, trying to understand what this means. You spit out a bloody tooth. You walk back to the trees.
    - CALCEY:
        - You see yourself from above, and far away, like looking through the greenish bottom of a glass bottle. You are seated alone in the back of a dingy bar, crowds of sullen and dirty faces swimming up through the fog of night to leer at you as they brandish drinks of every kind. You try to move your limbs and feel they are like lead weights, pulling you down to the bottom of the sea. You're more drunk than you can remember being for a long time, almost catatonic. You remember how this helps push out the memories. Dimly you become aware of a group of strangers laughing and shouting at a table near you, their ragged voices percolating upwards into your consciousness. At the back of the table, a thin halfling man bedecked in gold jewelry is roaring with laughter, flanked by a blushing young girl and a surly dwarf who slams his hand down on the table, scattering dice onto the floor. As you watch blearily, the halfling pulls the girl in for a showy kiss, the dwarf grumbling "focking sunhearths making their own luck. these're loaded." In your stupor, the gears turn slowly. Sunhearth. Sunhearth. You rise from the table slowly, limb by limb, knocking aside a bottle and drawing a few looks. Steady now. One foot in front of the other. Sunhearth. [very drunk calcey voice] "Sunhearth's moi name. Or it ussed to be." The gamblers turn to you, a fat man with huge spectacles chuckling "uh oh, somebody's given grandma a few too many." They snicker and whisper to each other. The halfling is frozen in place. His eyes meet yours, searching your face for a flicker of recognition. The dwarf beckons the barkeep over, whispering in an ear. "But i never knew m'pops, and anyway i stopped being a Sunhearth when I decided I could be whatever the *fuck* I wanted to be." You've stood up too quickly, you realize suddenly. The dark rushes up to meet you. You feel the strong arms of the armored men take you and lift you up roughly, and recall dimly how many times you have been lifted this way before, maybe even by these same rough men. As they pull you out the door, your small frame knocking aside the battered wooden furniture, the halfling holds your gaze, his face a mask of fear and indecision. As your vision fades, the last thing you see is the X-shaped scar on his cheek and the distant glimmer of his golden earrings.
    - PEREGRINE:
        - You are surrounded by harsh winds, the sand somehow driven across the dunes and up into the back of the wagon, inside your clothing, inside your mouth and nose. How long has it been since you had bread without sand? For the thousandth time you regret letting Varick pack you off with a caravan, and for the thousandth time you think: I'd probably be dead if I wasn't here. Dead, or in prison like J, and no way to bail *myself* out this time. You are roused from your thoughts by the realization that someone on foot is approaching the back of the wagon. A stooped form clad in rags shuffles towards you, a pack of stray dogs yapping around its feet. Poor fucker, they must be out of space in the wagons. Normally they only make the guards walk. Did he bring those dogs all the way out here, through the desert? You count the dogs: seven. How does he feed them? The hooded beggar sees you looking and pulls back his head covering, revealing an elderly man with a massive silver beard. His weathered face breaks into a smile. "Yes, they're quite a handful. But they're my friends. You don't want to go crossing a desert without any friends."
            - "May I sit? What brings you across the desert?"
            - "You remind me of myself. I spent some time in prison, even. Made me angry. When I got out I wanted to know why my family never came and helped me."
            - "You've spent so much time feeling guilty, running from justice. All that running...it's making you tired. I can see it written all over your face."
            - "When I was young I was under so much pressure. It felt like every decision was life and death, arguments with my family turned into wars. I would have slept a lot better if someone had come around and told me, once in awhile, that I was doing a decent job."
            - "This decision you've made, and the ones you're going to. Stick with it awhile. When you decide the mask fits, and you wear it willingly, eventually it ceases to be a mask."
            - [one of the dogs starts barking loudly] "Oh hush, I'm coming." [turns to Peregrine] "Goodbye, Peter. Keep the faith."
- the gang are all sound asleep and are woken up midmorning. the kite makes its way back to phlan, but doesn't see any sign of the longship on its journey (maybe a hint of the sail at one point). walt asks for the full story from declan on the way back to phlan. leanne puts sirge to work on the sails ("this is worse than leosin's exercises!")