# Timeline

- circa 620 DR: the famed Elven explorer Cpt. Eartharran Neirdre explores the continent of Anchorome, west of Faerun across the trackless sea, in search of information about the fabled creator races. His skyship crashes on an island following a coordinated attack by dragons.
- 1364 DR: the Flaming Fist mercenary legion of Baldur's Gate journey to Anchorome in search of the final resting place of the great Balduran, founder of Baldur's Gate. Landing in Maztica, the group splits their forces, with half (~300) journeying north along the coast and the rest heading northwest.
- 1365 DR: The Flaming Fists are decimated by hostile wild elves, and massive whale-like sea beasts. They find no trace of Balduran, but establish the settlement of Fort Flame and await reinforcements.
- 1366 DR: loremaster Ignace Dethingeller of Baldur's Gate arrives at Fort Flame. Later that year, Dethingeller discovers the lost journal of the elven explorer Eartharran Neirdre of Evermeet. The journal contains sketches of an abandoned floating city full of statues of a strange, bird-dragon like people. Neirdre speculated that the statues depicted the defeat (by dragons) and flight of the aearee creator race from Faerun to Anchorome circa -30,000 DR. Dethingeller sends the journal to First Reader Tethtoril of Candlekeep.
- 1470 DR: Cult of the Dragon agents infiltrate Candlekeep, forming a sleeper cell to search for information about the final resting place of great wyrms felled during the Age of Dragons.
- 1484 DR: Cult of the Dragon agents infiltrate the inner circle of candlekeep and learn of the discovery of the journal, believing it may hold the key to the location of the ancient aearee city Shara. The great wyrm Nagamat, favored general of Tiamat, was said to have razed Shara to the ground and claimed the realm as his own. Legend has it that he ruled over Shara for five centuries before being slain by the first zealous followers of Bahamut, sparking the Dragonfall War.
- 1485 DR: Helga Braun (illuskan female) is exiled from Candlekeep, for attempted theft of the library's property. In reality, she has been framed by the Cult of the Dragon sleeper cell that infiltrated Candlekeep because she has discovered their designs on Neirdre's journal and attempted to prevent the theft. She leaves Candlekeep in disgrace, but becomes obsessed with the idea that the lost cities of the Aearee were real locations in Faerun. She travels to Waterdeep to live with her brother Jaeger, but soon discovers he is in no position to support her.
- 1486 DR: Helga meets Gareth Tallstag (tethyrian male) a native Waterdavian and armar with the City Watch. The two begin a whirlwind romance.
- 1489 DR: A son Peter is born to Helga and Gareth.
- 1490 DR: Helga and Gareth are killed in their home in the Trades Ward in what initially appears to be a home invasion gone wrong. A number of things don't line up, however, and the investigation of the Watch is inconclusive. Their infant son becomes a ward of the City and is given to the Cassalanter Home for Children to be raised on the charity of one of Waterdeep's noble families.
- 1501 DR: Peter's uncle Jaeger (illuskan male) appears at the Cassalanter Home for Children and takes custody of Peregrine at age 12, having watched the boy's growth from afar.
- 1502 DR: Jaeger teaches Peregrine how to pick pockets as a side source of income and turns him loose in the Dock Ward. The two develop a grudging bond, with Jaeger talking often in the evenings of how he wants more money. Jaeger takes Peregrine to see the graves of his father and mother in the City of the Dead, which he had never visited up to this point.
- 1503 DR: Jaeger is away from home more and more often at the behest of agents of the Xanathar guild, sometimes for days. When he returns, he is as often bearing gold as he is bruised and beaten by Zhents or the City Watch.
- 1504 DR: Jaeger is set up to take a fall for the guild, landing him in jail. Out of a fierce loyalty to his only functioning parental figure, and no small amount of embarassment, Peregrine devotes himself to finding a source of income to bail out Jaeger. From one of the Foxteeth he hears rumors of an Illuskan man who makes big loans, no questions asked, in exchange for strange errands.
- Peregrine sets up an audience with this man, who calls himself Varick. Varick listens patiently to Peregrine's story, and to the young man's surprise claims he can make this problem disappear without even the expenditure of gold. In return, all Varick asks is for information: what is contained in each of the wagons that are loaded and depart from a particular location in the Trades Ward? He promises to ensure no harm comes to Jaeger so long as Peregrine reliably reports this information for two tendays.
- The assignment is almost too easy. The wagons are watched, but Peregrine simply determines which freight company brings the goods to the depot and then signs up as a longshoreman so that he can observe the goods as they are carried off of ships. The cargo is not particularly interesting: construction material, by the looks of it, and quite a lot. Nevertheless he meticulously notes kinds and amounts for Varick.
- Varick is as good as his word: a Magister hears Jaeger's case and the charges are thrown out by the end of the month. The two are joyfully reunited, but Peregrine hides from his uncle that he is responsible for the man's freedom.
- Varick becomes Peregrine's criminal contact, promising increasingly larger sums for the boy as he completes simple tasks ranging from intelligence-gathering to simple theft. As he grows increasingly bold, Varick assigns the boy to take fancier and fancier items off of the nobility. Peregrine uses the Foxteeth as his personal hit squad, maximizing their street knowledge to catch nobles off-guard and efficiently strip them of their coinpurses before the Watch can arrive.
- 1508 DR: Varick offers Peregrine a special assignment: one that will test his allegiance to the core. If he passes the test, he will be considered initiated into the Cult as a Dragonclaw, with all the benefits that affords. Peregrine accepts the assignment without hesitation.
- Peregrine infiltrates the Temple of Bahamut in Waterdeep carrying a magical bomb: a tiny glass spindle, the material component for a *dweomerburst* spell.
- Varick arranges to transfer Peregrine to the Moonsea to "cool off". Once Peregrine arrives in the Moonsea, he assumes a cover identity (of a dead man?), taking the name "Peregrine", and ceases all contact with the cult.
- 1509 DR: Peregrine arrives in Phlan, and meets the rest of the Quarantine Gang at the Laughing Goblin.