# What's Up With That Catapult?

Date: February 7, 2021

- Angered by Witchthorn's betrayal and the loss of her breath weapon, Claugilyamatar cuts down the rope bridge the gang are hurrying across – but everyone manages to escape unscathed. Noticing the Harpers engaged in a fierce battle with the remaining cultists and hobgoblins near the East Gate, gang move to back them up.
- Flying into a rage, Hagar sprints into the thick of battle to challenge Garbul, the hobgoblin warlord. Meanwhile, the gang notice Leosin Erlanthar finishing off the remaining cultists, seemingly hunting for something. As he obtains a satchel from one of the cultists, the gang team up with the HAWKs to finish off the remaining hobgoblins.
- Taking multiple huge blows from Garbul's shield, Hagar hangs on in a fierce contest of strength and finally cleaves the warlord up the middle, ending his tenure as leader of the Zartruss clan. The gang don't have a moment to rest, as Claugilyamatar returns from elsewhere on the battlefield and uses the power of her wings to send several of them flying.
- Sprinting towards the west gate, Calcey takes a risk: cutting the rope on a catapult left behind in the siege workshop. The gamble works, sending a massive boulder smashing into Claugilyamatar and driving her into a murderous rage. With little hope of making it out alive, the rest of the gang dash towards the gate alongside the Harpers, trying to maintain cover from the dragon's furious claw and bite attacks.
- When Declan is knocked out, Peregrine runs back to haul the half-elf onto his shoulders and make a final sprint for the gate. Seeing the pair won't make it in time, Leosin emerges from the gate and vaults up onto the dragon's neck, somehow landing a strike that stuns the ancient wyrm. Leaping back to safety, the rest of the gang watch as Claugilyamatar obliterates the wooden gate, unable to get to her quarry.
- Taking a moment to collect themselves, the gang resolve to find Shala and attempt to escape with whatever remains of the main force. With Calcey in the lead, they eventually stumble across a few Enclave and Order fighters making up the last of the forces that made it out. Just before Shala opens a portal to Westbridge, the warlock Ahash Al-Mandi appears, seemingly the only one of his group to survive.
- Back at the staging area, the gang take in the scene. Most combatants have retired to tents to recuperate, and many of the leaders are still MIA. Declan offers his services as a healer, eventually coming across an unconscious and severely wounded but living Ontharr Frume. While Calcey rests up, Peregrine and Hagar return to the Harvest Inn to find all of the Moonstars battered but alive.
- That evening, Renaer gathers the coalition forces for a somber remembrance of those who fought, and a plea to remember the lives lost the next time the cult threatens the Western heartlands. Ontharr Frume sends for Calcey to personally thank her for her bravery and gives her a necklace, inducting her into the Order of the Gauntlet.