# A Knight Lieutenant's Tale

Date: November 25, 2020

- Declan investigates Jeralla's wagon, discovering a dragon skull suspended from the ribs with mysterious fires burning in its eye sockets. The magical book skulks nearby, just out of sight, until Declan coaxes it into the light and learns that Jeralla killed the spirit bound within it.
- Calcey join Declan at the wagon, heeding the book's advice and snuffing the flames in the eyes of the dragon skull. With the enchantment disabled, the two open the lid of the skull to discover a small collection of coins, trade bars, and other valuables.
- In the cave, Sahnd holds back the rest of the gang until the coast is clear. Hagar investigates the body of the dead Orog, recovering a double-headed greataxe. Peregrine searches Jeralla's body, recovering a few coins. The rest of the gang comes to join the others at the fire. Sirge confirms that none of the captives have run off.
- Sahnd summons everyone to the cave of captives to tell the tale of his exile from Phlan. According to him, the Cadorna house is a dynasty founded on the ill-gotten gains of one councilman Porphyrys Cadorna, who conspired with the Lord of the Ruins outside Phlan to create the challenges faced by Ren O' the Blade. The caravan guards ponder Sahnd's story.
- Declan admonishes Sahnd for resorting to methods that harmed the very people he sought to liberate. In a moment of vulnerability, Sahnd concedes that his methods have failed to achieve his goals, but continues to consider the idea of hiring a mercenary army to retake Phlan. Resolving to return to the city to prove his word, he asks the remaining caravan guards to accompany him on the longship.
- Everyone leaves the Claws of Tiamat camp under the direction of Krulek, following his lead to cross the rivers where the current is least strong. At the Statue's Cup, Sirge asks Declan whether the gang still plans to light the signal pyre, but is convinced that help is waiting just around the corner.
- As the gang jump down into the statue's lap, something huge and beaked snatches Calcey from the group and disappears into the dark as quickly as it came.