# "Coming" of Age

Date: February 21, 2021

- As Lt. Burral takes her leave, the gang discuss how best to eliminate the threat posed by the Tears of Virulence, and whether simply terminating Cron Bolver would be enough. Hagar notes that they'll need to be careful to have ironclad evidence linking him to the plot to take the Cinnabar Throne.
- Heading back to Aya Glenmiir's shop, the gang brief Sirge Wintermelt on his mission. Sirge reads the note found in Thalder's satchel, initially offering to "take out" Lt. Bolver himself. The gang weigh the option of offering Sirge as Bolver's squire and conclude he'll be more effective as a knight.
- The old harper lays out some rules of engagement: Sirge must be delivering a clear message to Bolver, the gang must be able to communicate with him easily, and he must have a way to get himself out of danger on short notice. She demonstrates an *illusory script* technique for exchanging messages, in case the gang need to make use of it.
- Hagar realizes that if Sirge needs to escape, he can simply tell Cron that the cult needs to meet him at a particular time and place, and let Cron come up with the excuse for Sirge leaving. Together, Declan and Sirge envision luring the Tears out to Valhingen Graveyard at which they can spring a trap, using *zone of truth* to force a confession from Cron in front of all present.
- Peregrine produces a competent sketch of Bolver to give to Sirge, who reviews the particulars of his mission: get close to Cron, and deliver a message that Vorgansharax will soon arrive at Phlan in disguise in need of an escort into the city. Because the dragon isn't a strong flyer, Sirge will explain that he intends to enter through the city gate and make his way to keep in disguise.
- Declan resolves that the gang should try to find Bolver's previous contact in order to make sure that Sirge's messages don't conflict. While the rest of the gang head back to Denlor's Tower to get some sleep, Peregrine stays behind at Aya Glenmiir's shop to give Sirge some pointers on posing as a cult agent and pulling off a long con.
- Before heading to bed, Peregrine uses *sending* to contact Sahnd Krulek, informing him of the situation in Phlan. Sahnd exhorts the gang to take care of the situation, as he's not yet ready to make a move on the city. The exiled knight mentions that he's "found friends" in his quest to retake Phlan.
- The next morning, Peregrine bakes Sirge a cake to celebrate his coming of age. As the rest of the gang return to see him off, Sirge sets out to the East Gate to meet Lt. Aleyd Burral and be inducted into the Black Fist. The rest of the gang visit the Lord Sage to inform him of the plan. The Lord Sage promises to take the Letter to Thalder directly to the Lord Commander, so that he can be present for the springing of the trap.
- Visiting Doomguide Yovir Glandon, the gang explain their intended use of Valhingen as the anvil of the trap that will ensnare the Tears of Virulence. The leader of the clerics of Kelemvor voices his support for the plan and promises to serve as a witness. Declan gives Doomguide Glandon the four cult robes the gang have acquired in order to disguise members of the Order of the Silent Shroud to set the trap.
- Making their way back out into the rainy gloom of the graveyard with the aid of a guide, the gang resolve to delve back into the catacombs to revisit the site where they previously encountered cultists and undead burrowing into the rock in search of the Pool of Radiance.