# The Gang Gets Stung

Date: November 15, 2020

- Searching the Grey Patriot camp, the gang find it deserted. Grabbing a torch from the fire, Calcey scouts the perimeter and comes face-to-face with Sahnd Krulek, who emerges cautiously from the shadows.
- Krulek immediately recognizes the gang as mercenaries hired by the merchant houses of Phlan, and promises to disclose the secret for which he was exiled as long as the gang keep him alive. With Jeralla's kobold scouts nearing the camp, Krulek guides the gang back towards the cliffs in through the dark.
- Despite Declan taking a hard fall and attracting the attention of two kobold sentries, Krulek is able to shepherd the gang up a tree and across a zipline to another part of the King's Pyre cave system. Entering the caves, the gang proceed for sometime until they emerge somewhere on the opposite side of the massive statue complex.
- Silhouetted against the fog and moonlight is the form of Sharrak, Jeralla's two-headed kobold lieutenant. Calcey gets a closer look and hears the kobold bickering with itself as it whispers messages into a small stone clutched in its hand. Deciding that time is of the essence, she stabs the unsuspecting kobold and fells it in a single blow.
- Peregrine attempts to communicate with the beastlike entity on the other end of Sharrak's stone, but is rebuffed and the contact abruptly ends. Declan identifies the device as a sending stone, and Krulek surmises that Sharrak may not have been working for Jeralla after all.
- The gang re-enter the cave system and emerge into a huge chamber nearby the Claws of Tiamat camp. Inside, they stealthily discover several humanoid captives being watched over by two kobolds having a shadow play. Calcey and Declan handily dispatch the kobolds and the gang set to work freeing the captives.
- Among those set free is Sirge Wintermelt, a half-elf who quickly identifies himself to Peregrine as a Harper agent. Sirge says he's certain Sharrak is a spy, and that the two-headed kobold was in league with the Cult of the Dragon against Jeralla.
- Leaving the rest of the captives by the fire, the gang exit the cave with Krulek and Sirge. Calcey and Hagar are leading the pack when they stumble into a pit trap, falling down into a hole and dragging a nest of angry wasps with them.
- The rest of the gang assist Calcey and Hagar as they flee the wrath of the wasps, while the kobolds remaining at camp somehow fail to notice the commotion. Once everyone is sorted out, the gang creep around the fire at camp to get a closer look at Jeralla's wagon.
- Just as the gang are nearing the wagon, Declan drops his arcane focus, drawing the attention of the two kobold sentries. Before anyone can react, an orc covered in pitch and wearing a hammered-metal helmet with a dragon motif steps out of the shadows and cleaves the kobold in two.