# Can't See Me Own Boobs

Date: June 18, 2021

- Putting their collective ears to the floorboards, the gang can just make out the sound of Bog Luck relaxing in his room below their bunks. They hatch a plan to gain reentry into the room by a more subtle method of misdirection.
- [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) goes to the canteen to befriend Gristle Pete, the cook. Retrieving some choice cuts of meat from her stash, she directs Pete to cook up two pieces of meat and offer one to Bog Luck in order to keep him busy over the lunch hour. Pete consents, happy to have some high-quality victuals in his normally humdrum kitchen.
- While Calcey returns to the room, the rest of the gang trade places and enter the canteen to wait for Bog Luck to take his lunch. After a short time, the half-orc boss enters the lunchroom with a book in hand and discovers the feast that has been prepared for him. Once he sits down to eat, [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) slips out to cast *invisibility* on Calcey.
- Stealing downstairs to Bog Luck's room, Calcey carefully picks the lock and scours the place for hidden evidence. With the exception of a ledger recording the unremarkable contents of the strong room, the room is suspiciously clean, offering little evidence in the way of Bog's cult affiliation or interests other than his books of history and philosophy.
- After Calcey returns emptyhanded, Declan takes a turn to shoot the breeze with Gristle Pete, learning about the "rats" he is frequently kept up by in the night. The beasts sound larger than life, and Pete complains that they bang around underneath his sleeping area in the kitchen, which aligns with the footprint of the strong room.
- [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) exits the Roadhouse to check for any traces in the surrounding area of a group that might be carrying treasure into or out of the building, finding nothing except the well-trod path into the courtyard. [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) contacts Jamna with a *sending* spell and makes plans to meet the gnome, who hasn't been seen at the Roadhouse, behind it at dusk.
- The remaining three members of the gang slip out the door and meet the gnome in the shadow of the north wall of the roadhouse. When they divulge what they learned about Pete's "rats", Jamna offers the snippets of conversation she heard on the other side of the wall from the cult group that accused Calcey: "strong room", "Bog Luck", "tunnel", and "lizardfolk".
- Hagar emerges from the forest, still suspicious of Jamna's intentions. Peregrine casts *zone of truth* in an effort to force her to reveal her affiliation, but she shrugs off the magical effect and claims only that she's not working for the cult. Promising to meet the gang at their room in a few hours to make a play for the strong room, the mysterious gnome leaves without another word.