# Hagar Bites the Dust

Date: January 31, 2021

- As the gang collect themselves from their teleportation experience, Eiruk Weskur contacts Hagar via *sending* asking for an update on their location and letting them know the main force will soon arrive. Eiruk asks the gang to disrupt any important meetings the cult may be about to have.
- Donning the two pairs of cult robes that the gang had stashed away, Declan and Peregrine emerge into the courtyard of a ruined elven building to find a red-robed necromancer in the process of reanimating several dead bodies. The wizard does not take kindly to the interruption, forcing them to leave the courtyard via a ladder and get their first look at the fortress.
- Spying more cult robes stashed away near the fortress gate, the two spellcasters make their way across a rope bridge and down into the hobgoblin camp. Declan surreptitiously picks up the robes, while Peregrine listens in on a conversation between Thalder, a wearer of purple, and some hobgoblin emissaries.
- Circling back around to the other side of the fortress, the two happen upon a hobgoblin siege workshop where another meeting is taking place: one between Alandra, another wearer of purple, and Garbul, the hobgoblin warlord. In attendance are several ranking cultists wearing black regalia that Peregrine recognizes.
- Trying to create a distraction, Declan begins to douse the camp with oil, but is spotted by a hobgoblin sentry. The two play it off and make their way back to the battlements, where they are stopped by more suspicious hobgoblins. Peregrine appeals to their greed by making an offer of fake diamonds, but unfortunately one of the hobgoblins is able to snatch them away.
- On the promise of further riches, the two hobgoblins accompany Declan and Peregrine back across the rope bridge to the courtyard, where they stealthily descend unbeknownst to the necromancer and her minions. When Peregrine reveals himself in the attempt to get across to the tower, she quickly loses all remaining patience and opens fire with a blast of necrotic energy.
- In the ensuing battle, Peregrine is repeatedly beaten unconscious by the life-draining attacks of the reanimated corpses. Hagar surges forward from the shadows of the tower, surprising the necromancer with vicious attacks that ultimately bring her to the ground in pieces. Fortunately for the gang, a few seconds after the necromancer falls, her minions follow suit.
- Going through the necromancer's belongings, Declan finds a curious bag of dust. Hagar bravely eats a small amount, causing moisture to be violently extracted from his body into a small marble hovering in the air. As the rest of the gang hurriedly don armor and Cult of the Dragon tabards, the hobgoblin sentry drums sound in the distance, indicating the main attack is about to begin.