# Helping the Harper

Date: July 8, 2020

- The gang is confronted by Bricklan Marth, a resident of Kabel's Hill who runs the docks that ship goods downriver to Phlan. Bricklan is suspicious of the "cargo" the gang is carrying, but relents when Declan convinces him that the gang is just passing through and hasn't come to bury a body.
- Bricklan reveals that things have been a little tough in the lead-up to this year's harvest: Halvin Graingle, one of the newer residents of Kabel's Hill, went missing nearly two tendays ago. Halvin was a bit of an odd duck, but Kabel's Hill is a tight-knit community and his absence raised some eyebrows.
- The gang returns to Phlan, opting to split the party and have Declan and Calcey return Aya Glenmiir to her home while Peregrine and Hagar make camp at the edge of the Quivering Forest with the Scale. Once the wizard has been safely escorted, the gang is reunited for a somewhat spooky night in the woods.
- During Peregrine's watch, his *Detect Evil and Good* spell catches a whiff of evil fey all around the party in the early morning hours. When Hagar returns from the final watch, he discovers a tiny effigy of Declan made out of leaves and twigs resting next to the sleeping sorcerer.
- As the sun rises, the gang enters the city with the concealed scale and brings it to the Lord Sage. The old half-elf promises to keep the scale safe while attempting to determine what its real properties are, and Hagar stows the scale in a secret compartment in the office.
- Later that morning, the gang stake out the Laughing Goblin in expectation of Peregrine's armor deal with an unknown buyer. When a hooded figure enters the bar and sits down to some cabbage soup, the gang take up positions and ready themselves for a fight.
- Sidling up to the buyer, Peregrine learns that there's a deal behind the deal: the Harpers have been watching the gang, and they need help to catch someone trying to make an illegal sale of a dragon egg.
- The Harpers have apprehended an agent in Phlan who was trying to purchase the egg, and evidently he was a half-orc who looked a little like Hagar. The idea is that the gang can impersonate the buyer and his associates and complete the deal at an abandoned barn outside Phlan while gathering information for the Harpers.
- The Harper lays out his terms: if the gang completes the deal and plants a magical reconnaissance device on the buyer, he will pay double the standard price for Peregrine's acid-scarred armor - which everyone knows is virtually worthless. The dragon egg is to be returned to the Harpers for safe keeping.
- Mulling it over, Peregrine decides that the offer is too good to pass up. The Harper provides him with a sack of fake diamonds to complete the deal. The Harper promises to send a message to the buyer that the deal is on for midday the next day at the appointed location on the outskirts of Phlan.