# Payday

Date: December 6, 2020

- Surfacing onto the deck of the *Kite*, the gang find the crew in full swing headed for Phlan. Peregrine finds Walt up at the helm and tells him the full story of the battle at King's Pyre. The young cleric has an adverse reaction to Walt's pipe tobacco, but plays it off well. Walt mentions he'd feel better if the gang kept an eye on Sirge.
- Using his newfound abilities, Peregrine casts *sending* and learns that Krulek is in enormous pain, but still alive, evidently having vanquished the owlbear. He receives a cryptic message regarding the Cadorna evidence: that it lies "between sword and shield". Along with this, Krulek manages to get out a name: Gensor.
- With some help from the gang, the *Kite* pushes its way through the rough weather of late Autumn and back to Phlan. On arrival, the gang head to the Cadorna textile compound to collect their bounty, swearing on a holy symbol of Waukeen that they have executed the contract.
- At Aya Glenmiir's residence, the gang delivers Sirge into the care of his new mentor. Sirge relates the message he was sent to carry to Phlan, which doesn't seem to impress Aya. She takes a look at the magical book and concludes that a forbidden, powerful spell was used to entomb a spirit within - one that a lesser mage could not cast without help.
- Before the gang depart, Aya informs them of a special mission that is being formed out of Waterdeep to assault a Cult position in the forest of Kryptgarden on the sword coast. She cautions them against hastily joining the battle, as the forest is ruled by an ancient green dragon called Claugilyamatar - better known as "old gnawbones".
- Leaving Sirge in the care of the friendly wizard, the gang makes a short trip to Madame Freona's Tea Kettle to drop off some items with Chaab the fence. Afterwards, they pay Marten Foss a visit to pore over his copies of Ren o' the Blade's memoirs for more clues.
- Leafing through the memoirs to find an addendum written by Ren's friend Shal, Peregrine draws a link between her master, the wizard Ranthor of Cormyr, and Denlor, whose tower still stands in Phlan. According to the memoirs, the Gensor Krulek mentions was another wizard who associated with the Cadorna family while Ren's gang was in their employ.