# They Ain't Healing

Date: September 6, 2020

- As the gang make their way upriver through the fog, Peregrine spots a cave opening near the base of where captain Moe estimates the Lyceum lies. The gang instruct Moe to return for pickup in a few hours - or, failing that, at nightfall. They wade ashore.
- Traversing a rough-hewn passageway for a few hundred yards, the gang eventually come upon a locked door from which questionable sounds are emanating. Calcey picks the lock and quietly slips into the room, spying several torture implements and cells with prisoners inside.
- When Peregrine enters the room, the light from his mace attracts several of the rowdier prisoners, who begin loudly clamoring to be let free. Calcey identifies them as Welcomers. As the gang debate what to do with the captives, a door bursts open and four off-duty Black Fist soldiers and a dog come out swinging.
- Though without their armor, the fists square off against the gang in twos, fighting with grim determination. Calcey is knocked out twice but the gang manage to hold on thanks to the guiding light of Bahamut and a little help from *Maximilian's earthen grasp*.
- A bloodied and raging Hagar spooks one of the fists, who turns to run down the passageway but can't escape destruction at the end of a warhammer. Meanwhile, the rest of the gang restrain the sole surviving Fist for interrogation.
- From the remaining soldier and the prisoners, the gang learn that the Fists are keeping Villonah in "the funhouse" - a chamber in the prison containing some kind of malignant worm used to strike fear into the prisoners. She was picked up by the Fists because she stole a map they had been working on that leads to the lair of a White Dragon.
- With the interrogation complete, the gang lock the final Fist away in his own dungeon. Taking stock of the remaining prisoners, they decide to release the two human civilians. The Welcomers, the Fist, and the prison's other resident - an insane dragon cultist - stay locked up for the time being.
- Peregrine accompanies Rachelle and Dalvyn back through the passage to the shore, and the rest of the gang take a moment to collect themselves and plan their next move in the small living quarters of the prison.