# Lighting the Pyre

Date: November 29, 2020

- As the owlbear sprint deeper into the forest, Calcey is carried along in its beak. When the creature puts her down for a moment, she attempts to run off but is swiftly knocked unconscious in retaliation.
- Peregrine casts *locate object* on Calcey's *cloak of elvenkind* and realizes that she's been taken back towards the statue's belt, into the woods. He notices the "signal" from the spell moving around as Calcey tries to make her escape.
- Krulek takes charge, ordering Sirge to light the pyre in the statue's cup to increase the ambient light level so that the party won't be casting about in the dark. Some caravans guards protest the idea of rescuing Calcey until Krulek reminds them that they all owe their lives to the gang.
- The party splits into two groups, with Declan, Hagar, and the dwarves heading towards Calcey's current location and Peregrine, Sahnd, and the other guards headed for the presumed den of the Owlbear.
- Declan, Hagar, and the dwarves close in on Calcey, and Declan is able to bring her back to consciousness. Meanwhile, as Sirge lights the pyre, Peregrine realizes the Owlbear is nearly on top of him.
- Sahnd warns the guards off of engaging the owlbear and takes up a defensive position. As the rest of the group make a run for it, he tells the gang to speak of him with honor when they get back to Phlan. The gang sling a final few spells and shots at the Owlbear before leaving Sahnd locked in fierce combat.
- As the party exits the forest headed East and reunites with Sirge, they come within sight of the river on the other side of the statue. Declan scouts a place to ford the river and Hagar ventures across with a rope, anchoring it to himself on the other side.
- Calcey and Peregrine secure the other end of the rope to a piton mounted in a rock, but aren't sure about the solidity of the system. The party begins to cautiously make their way across. Several of the guards stumble, and Calcey is nearly submerged by rushing waters. Just as Peregrine reaches the opposite bank, the piton snaps out of the rock, evidently damaged beyond repair.
- Venturing back into the Grey Patriot camp, the gang find it has clearly been picked over by the kobolds. Peregrine and Hagar take some of the guards over to the big tent and examine the table full of Krulek's correspondence, in addition to his chest. It appears Krulek attempted to contact the Company of the Raven without success.
- As Peregrine seeks stashed evidence of Krulek's claim against the Cadornas, Sirge spots a sail in the distance - the *Kite* has noticed their signal.