# Where Is Your God Now?

Date: September 9, 2021

- As voices rapidly approach the underground cavern, [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) casts *invisibility* on [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) and [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) and slips into the dark water to stay out of sight. [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) hears several pairs of footsteps accompanying the distinct voices of Wyrmspeaker Rezmir and Azabara Jos.
- When the intruders make their way to the portal chamber, some unlucky soul falls prey to Hagar's Caltrops, prompting a frantic search. Declan inches up out of the water and prepares to take the group unawares, but just as he gets a visual of Rezmir and Azbara, the Wyrmspeaker utters a word in Elvish and the two vanish into the depths of the portal, leaving only their escort of Dragonclaws behind.
- After unleashing a *fireball* on the unsuspecting cultists, Declan retreats to let the rest of the Gang charge into battle. The brunt of the blast sears the leather armor off of the Dragonclaws, who struggle to regroup and are rapidly reduced to only a single survivor. Hagar seizes the unfortunate soul in a crushing grip, forcing him to reveal the location of the Portal's exit: somewhere near a mountain village in northern Faerun called Parnast.
- With Hagar's fingers inches from his eyeball, the cultist admits that the treasure is carried through this portal to a hunting lodge. But when Declan tries to coax a little more information out of him, the mention of losing Tiamat's favor is enough to crush any remaining spirit, leaving only the empty shell of a man.
- Hagar puts the fanatic out of his misery and the group make for the surface. Emerging from the Southwest tower, they come face-to-face with the gnome Warryn Janda, who recognizes Peregrine but is too consumed by terror to interact and flees to the safety of the tower's upper floors. In the courtyard beyond, the Quarantine Gang catch a glimpse of the real battle for Castle Naerytar: Lizardfolk, Bullywugs, Cultists, Guard Drakes, and Giant Lizards all engaged in a furious melee.