# Oh, They DEFINITELY Adventured

Date: February 14, 2021

- Hagar resolves to gather the faction leaders to disseminate information the gang gained from the cult leader's satchels. The gang consult Eiruk Weskur about teleportation magic and other services that might be available to them.
- When the leaders report to the remains of the bonfire for briefing, a previously unnoticed and rather motley crew appear - a group of former adventurers who now work for the Zhentarim, known to Renaer as the Doom Raiders. Calcey notes their unscrupulous appearance, and the gang resolve to avoid giving them any useful information.
- When Hagar attempts to intimidate the Doom Raiders into leaving, Davil Starsong takes the hint and walks off in a huff. Renaer doesn't trust the Raiders, but regrets this failure of coalition-building, fearing that the other factions may need the help of the Zhentarim before long.
- The gang reads the two cultist's notes to the assembled leaders and informs them of the potential situation in Phlan. Renaer admits that there's not much the coalition can do at this point, but several faction leaders pledge their support so long as it doesn't consist of imminent boots on the ground.
- Eiruk creates a teleportation circle and sends the gang back home to Denlor's Tower, where they are struck by the relative quiet of Phlan. Taking a moment to collect themselves, the gang reflect on the revelations of Witchthorn's shady glade and how far they have come together without revealing many of their darkest secrets.
- Declan asks Peregrine why he felt the need to travel to Waterdeep in disguise. In turn, Peregrine reveals that once upon a time he was a boy named Peter Tallstag who ran with a disreputable crew known as the Foxteeth in Waterdeep. Evidently, he fled the city after killing several members of a Church of Bahamut at the behest of the Cult. Hagar extends some guarded sympathy.
- For her part, Calcey reveals that she has not lived all 114 of her years, and that she was in fact born Calcey Sunhearth. Her appearance is the result of a terrible punishment inflicted on her by a wizard from whom she stole a magical blade containing an imprisoned spirit. She views her current situation as a new lease on life: a way to start over with a new focus.
- Mulling over Witchthorn's prophecy for Declan, Peregrine recalls the legendary figure Khelben Arunson, the first Blackstaff of Waterdeep. Perhaps this is what Witchthorn referenced by "arun's son" and a "black stave". Hagar struggles to deal with the magnitude of the information he's just received. The gang share a bottle of Denlor's finest from the cellar to celebrate their growing closer together.
- Visiting the home of Aya Glenmiir, the gang ask her to consult with them and the Lord Sage about what to do next. Reading the cultist's letters, the elderly duo express alarm at the prospect that the New Cult is artefact-hunting, and might at some point come for the Scale of Tiamat.
- Aya resolves that the group should place Sgt. Bolver under surveillance, perhaps ultimately attempting a Harper espionage technique known as a "canary trap" to expose him and his traitorous associates. The gang decide to pay a visit to Lt. Aleyd Burral, whom they have not seen in weeks.