# Opening New Doors

Date: August 8, 2021

- Returning to their quarters from the day's work, [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md), [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md), and [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) resolve to scale the castle's Southwest tower and find what lies above their rooms. Hearing no activity, the three cautiously ascend the stairs to find the second floor divided into simple sleeping rooms for cultists.
- After Peregrine picks the lock on one of the doors, the three enter a second sleeping chamber that appears to be devoted to some of the higher-ranking cultists. In the simple chests, they manage to acquire three sets of Dragonwing robes.
- On the tower's third floor, Declan discovers a room with a caved-in roof portion in which nothing of interest appears to reside, along with a simply furnished studying room for what appear to be a few spellcasters of average ability. The group conclude that the Dragonwings occasionally retire to this area to study magic.
- Heading down and striking out across the castle's courtyard, Declan leads the way to investigate two of the buildings on the first floor that have so far remained unexplored. In the first, which appears to be (or once have been) an armory, the gang are greeted by a large group of suspicious and unfriendly Bullywugs. In the second, they find stables housing several Giant Lizards, which grow increasingly agitated despite Peregrine's attempts to calm them.
- Meanwhile, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) convinces Tharm the cook to assist her in applying the centipede poison to several chunks of raw meat in an attempt to poison the Guard Drakes that patrol the inner ward. Just before the evening meal, the thief ducks out of the kitchen in order to feed the beasts several steaks, two of which are laced with poison.
- At the evening meal, Dralmorrer Borngray announces to Declan that the captives in the Northeast tower have outlived their usefulness and are to be executed the following morning. When Wyrmspeaker Rezmir and the rest of the cultists adjourn for the evening, the gang take the opportunity to meet up at their room and await the coming conflagration.