# Giuseppe the Spy

Date: June 16, 2021

- As [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) reflects on the spells he gave up in order to progress in his arcane studies, he realizes with shock that he can see the weave manifesting before his very eyes. Drunk with newfound power, he forcefully expels the other two inhabitants of the room so that the gang can talk in private.
- When the gang decide they want to investigate Bog Luck's room, [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) summons a totem spirit. The gang are greeted by a somewhat confused-looking spirit raccoon, who [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) dubs Giuseppe after Hagar's alter ego. The animal doesn't bite on [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md)'s tentative offer of a ration.
- Calcey and Peregrine descend to the first floor to offer Bog Luck an item to place in the strong room, as a distraction. Inside Bog Luck's room, Calcey notices a surprising number of historical and philosophical tomes, indicating the half-orc is more well-read than he appears. Giuseppe only manages to get his head around the corner for a moment before darting back upstairs to avoid being discovered.
- Accompanying Bog Luck to the strong room, Calcey notes the key he uses to open the door, which rests on a ring containing only one other key: the one that opens Bog's room. When Calcey's attempts to persuade Bog to allow her to enter the strong room fall short, she returns to the second floor to rendezvous with the gang.
- Meanwhile, Peregrine attempts to continue to distract Bog. Desperate for something that will keep the half-orc's attention, the young cleric reveals that he knows that contraband was smuggled north with the building supplies. Intensely curious, Bog demands to know what Peregrine plans to do with the information. When Peregrine asks for a cut of the profits, Bog declares that profit has nothing to do with it and concludes the young man doesn't know what he's talking about after all.