# 200 for the Kid

Date: April 28, 2021

- At Cockburn's Grocery, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) purchases a smorgasbord of cooking ingredients, preparing to cook up a storm once the gang hit the road again. As the gang check their coin purses, they debate the best way to increase their income.
- Visiting [Fillistrom's Apothecary](../Characters/Fillistrom%20Wunderkundoodle/%F0%9F%8C%BF%20Fillistrom%27s%20Apothecary/%21index.md), the gang are treated to a demo of "Villona's black goo", the new substance cooked up by [Fillistrom Wunderkundoodle](../Characters/Fillistrom%20Wunderkundoodle/%21index.md)'s daughter. Pleased with the chaos-causing grease, the gang purchase it along with the gnome's full stock of healing tinctures.
- On Steel Ave., the gang pop in on [Bryce Vang](../NPCs/Bryce%20Vang.md), learning that he sold his entire stock of raw materials to a mysterious wizard in exchange for a curious bronze shield. [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) is able to guess that the shield magically watches over its wielder in some way, but it's a little outside the gang's current price range.
- Across the street, [Alero Voortham](../NPCs/Alero%20Voortham.md) claims not to have met the mysterious wizard at all, although he's happy to make more caltrops for [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md). The gang head down to the leathier clothier of Phlan to purchase leather merchant coats for Calcey and [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md).
- The following morning, the gang visit [Aya Glenmiir](../NPCs/Aya%20Glenmiir.md) to disguise Peregrine. Aya's first attempt at painting the cleric's face to resemble a half-orc falls woefully short, so Peregrine touches it up himself. Hagar is not amused.
- Heading back to Denlor's Tower, the gang gather on the second floor for Aya to send them whizzing back to the Sword Coast. Appearing in the lavish common room of Roarke House, they are greeted by a napping [Meloon Wardragon](../NPCs/Meloon%20Wardragon.md).