# A Hag's Home

Date: August 16, 2020

- Another night in the Quivering Forest passes without incident. In the morning, Hagar attempts to *speak with animals*, but no birds answer his calls. The party sets off using the crude sundial constructed by Declan.
- After hardly an hour's worth of travel, the gang come upon Jeny's abode - a clearing where the sun appears to just be setting. Apprehensive about directly approaching, the gang stakes out the simple cabin and cookfire that they can see from the treeline.
- Noticing an iron cage suspended from the dwelling, Calcey sneaks over to the structure and finds two humans locked up in it, apparently unharmed. When Calcey approaches, the two villagers reveal themselves and wave her off in fear of making a sound. Jeny Greenteeth, in the guise of a friendly old woman, emerges from the cabin into the glade to tend to her cookfire.
- After conferring with the group, Calcey decides to infiltrate the cabin, finding a chest full of treasure and concealing herself within it. Jeny reenters the cabin to prepare something, but upon leaving she discovers Hagar and Peregrine have entered the glade unannounced. She initially affects surprise and invites the two to try her soup.
- Although Jeny is noncombative, she freely admits to having killed Halvin and the villager envoys sent to find him. She discusses the Cult of the Dragon, but won't reveal the terms of her arrangement with them. Of the pact, she divulges that she initially signed it but considers it to have been a waste of time and ultimately void.
- Putting on his most persuasive face, Hagar convinces Jeny that the people of Kabel's Hill will no longer trouble her as long as the gang is allowed to take the remaining villagers home with them, and she releases the two villagers from their cage. When Hagar and Peregrine question the integrity of the Cult of the Dragon, she expresses her own doubts about allying with them.
- Entering the cabin to fetch a parting gift for her visitors, Jeny is stunned to find that her *cloak of elvenkind* has been pilfered by Calcey. Realizing she's been had, she angrily turns on Hagar and Peregrine with a shriek, dropping her illusory form to review her true face.
- Bursting forth from the woods, Calcey inspires the villagers to join in the battle and the gang toss them weapons. Despite their lack of experience, the two brothers quickly prove their worth with the borrowed blades.
- Though Jeny uses her invisibility to her advantage, Peregrine's *detect evil and good* allows him to keep tabs on the hag's position, and Declan eventually manages to restrain her with *maximilian's earthen grasp.* Unable to escape, she proudly curses each member of the gang by name as she meets her end.
- After raiding the cabin's interior for collected trinkets and treasures, the gang rallies the surviving villagers and begins the journey back to Kabel's Hill. The Cult of the Dragon has lost a powerful ally, and the town of Kabel's Hill is a much safer place - but no one knows if the fey of the Quivering Forest will come to Phlan's defense, if the time comes.