# A Rebellion is Born

Date: June 27, 2021

- Conferring with Jamna, the gang decide that making a hasty camp and concealing themselves is better than venturing out in to the Mere in the dead of night. Scouring the area for some reeds, they form a pitiful shelter underneath a tree. [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) casts *clairvoyance* and determines that no one has urgently followed them down through the slimy tunnel into the bog.
- Before falling asleep, Peregrine contacts [Leosin Erlanthar](../NPCs/Leosin%20Erlanthar.md) to inform him of the events at the roadhouse. Leosin tells Peregrine that the [Cult of the Dragon](../Factions/Cult%20of%20the%20Dragon.md) doesn't control everything within the mere, and that the gang should seek out the castle if they are able. The monk signs off with a rather cryptic "going dark again". Jamna recalls hearing about a castle once located in the Mere of Dead Men that was populated by astronomers decades ago.
- In the grey and swampy morning, Jamna is able to spot blazes carved into the trees indicating a path deeper into the bog. [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) shrugs off the visions that have plagued his dreams and summons a totem spirit to guide the party. From out of the gloom, an egret appears. The great bird takes to the skies as the party trudge through the mud below, and after nearly an hour aloft Hagar is able to catch a glimpse through its eyes of a large stone structure two day's travel ahead of their current position.
- After most of a day spent wading through the cold water, the party come across a patch of dry land that appears to be a way station on the path to the castle. Beyond the few small reed huts, open dark water stretches towards the horizon. Finding nothing of interest in the camp, the gang resolve to take cover nearby and wait until its inhabitants arrive.
- Almost as soon as the group is able to conceal themselves, the setting sun illuminates a group of lizardfolk who paddle up to the camp in dugout canoes. Peregrine against casts *clairvoyance* to eavesdrop on the group and learns that the lizardfolk have been carrying treasure to the castle for the "dragon kneelers" who reside there. [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) and Peregrine make a compromise with Jamna: they'll try to pick off a lone lizardfolk for interrogation.
- Striking quickly and silently, the two are able to paralyze and knock out one of the lizards who strays from the camp. After binding and gagging their captive, the group withdraw to the safety of the trees for interrogation. Snapjaw, as he calls himself, is reluctant to bend to the will of Peregrine or Hagar, but views the magic wielded by [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) with awed respect. In Draconic and broken Common, he grudgingly answers the party's questions.
- As Snapjaw grows bolder and more confident of the party's ability as warriors, he divulges more of the lizardfolk's predicament. Coerced into carrying treasure to the castle and seemingly abandoned by the swamp's resident black dragon, the lizardfolk have no leader and are in constant conflict with the bullywugs, humanoid frogs employed by the "dragon kneelers" as castle guards. When the party promises to help Snapjaw, he returns to convince the remainder of his compatriots to join a newly formed rebellion.