# Tasty Legs

Date: September 23, 2021

- Emerging into the Great Hall of Castle Naerytar, the Quarantine Gang find a troop of Lizardfolk warriors besieging the cultists inside, who are desperately trying to protect the remaining looted treasure. Charging into the fight, the party quickly overwhelmed the remaining cultists and captured the hall. Smoothing over the initial confusion when the dust settled, [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md)  delivered a rousing speech that sent the remaining Lizardfolk out into the Outer Ward in pursuit of Dralmorrer Borngray.
- Hot on the heels of the Lizardfolk, the gang beheld an even more chaotic scene in the castle's courtyard: Bullywugs and cultists commanded by Dralmorrer Borngray himself countered the main force of the rebels, with the elf remaining at a safe distance surrounded by Dragonwing bodyguards. Meanwhile, the castle's defenders had nearly overrun the few Lizardfolk accompanying [Leosin Erlanthar](../NPCs/Leosin%20Erlanthar.md) and [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md), forcing them back into the now empty Giant Lizard stables. Corpses littered the courtyard, including those of the slain lizards.
- Never one to back down from a fight, [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md) sprung back into battle by hurling one of the clay pots the group had salvaged from the trap in Pharblex's sanctum. When the grenade exploded, the nearby Bullywugs appeared unaffected, but a cultist who was subjected to the strange gases inside immediately ran towards the door, raving about frog visions. The party reached the stables just in time for Peregrine to cast *hold person* on the Dragonclaw menacing the two prisoners, giving [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) a golden opportunity to fell the cultist with a single massive axe-blow.
- Just when it seemed the tide was turning, the party became aware of the entrance of the Guard Drakes that had been patrolling the Inner Ward. The furious beasts thundered into the courtyard, putting a satisfied smirk on the face of commander Borngray. Ordering his Dragonwings to take flight and surround the party, the elf supremacist claimed the "half-breeds" for himself, drawing his sword and casting a spell that enveloped it in a curling black aura.
- Seeing the cult commander unattended by his bodyguards, Calcey decided to make a play. Charging directly at the elf, the thief uncorked *Villona's black goo,* covering the ground and both combatants in an inky black layer of grease. Though neither fighter lost their footing, Borngray sputtered in rage and magically recalled his sword to his hand, preparing to utterly wipe out the fools who dared to lead a rebellion against his forces.