Date: January 27, 2022

- As the gang catch their breath on a remote, snowy mountainside, a huge crash echoes through the hills, setting off minor avalanches all around. Seeing that their right side drops off until it reaches a giant desert, they ascend the peak to their left and are greeted with a view of a shining city atop a huge cliff in the middle of a remote mountain vale. Embedded in the valley floor is the wreckage of Skyreach Castle.
- Scouts on Griffons emerge from the city to investigate the wreckage and seek survivors, winding their way up to the mountain on which the gang are trying to remain hidden. When a trio of soldiers spot them in the snow, a noble-looking elf in battle armor gets close enough to communicate with Declan in elvish and order the gang to drop their weapons.
- Communicating through Declan, the gang breathlessly explain their situation and hand over their weapons. Confused by the monstrous menagerie that they claim inhabited the castle, captain Darthammel orders them to mount the griffons and descend to the valley floor in preparation for taking the The Passsage up to the city on the cliff. Peregrine's hastily-applied elf disguise confuses some of the soldiers.
- As the griffons descend into the vale, the gang get a look at the wreckage of Skyreach and the devastation it has wrought in this remote mountain community. On the ground, Darthammel orders them blindfolded so as not to learn the secrets of the passage. An awkward half hour later and they find themselves on the streets of Evereska, an Elvish enclave that few non-Elves ever live to behold.
- Darthammel leads the group to Starmeadow tower to await the conclave of the Hill Elders. While the group rest, Calcey whips up a few candied figs, to the apprehension and eventual delight of the Elvish soldiers assigned to their guard detail. After a few hours pass, the group are called to the Hall of the High Hunt to meet Evereska's ruling council.
- At the Hall, the group stand before an audience of hundreds of curious elves. Araevin Teshurr, the High Mage of Evereska, trains his strange silvery eyes on Declan, seemingly lost in thought at the young sorcerer's appearance. As each of the elders ask about Skyreach, the gang resolve to tell the truth.
- When young Thia Riverwall enquires about the Dragon Masks, Hagar produces the *black dragon mask*, stunning the onlookers and captivating archmage Teshurr. The white-haired elf requests High Lord Erlan Duirsar's permission to bring the newcomers to the Academy of Magic and Arms to study the mask and learn whatever other information they may provide that can keep the city safe.