# This Shit Just Got Real

Date: July 14, 2021

- [Peregrine Buntly](../Characters/Peregrine%20Buntly/%21index.md) identifies the mysterious blob that nearly dissolved [Calcey Firecrotch](../Characters/Calcey%20Firecrotch/%21index.md)'s rapier as a Grey Ooze, similar to the one the gang tangled with in the Temple of the Scale during [The Courting of Fire](../Adventures/%F0%9F%94%A5%20The%20Courting%20of%20Fire.md). Calcey concludes that the small stash of gemstones was probably left there by the creature itself, since the hard precious stones were the only things it's acidic body couldn't dissolve.
- Returning to their assigned chamber, the gang find it reeking of mildew and barely inhabitable. Worse, Calcey enters first and is rewarded by bites from a mass of giant centipedes, who have already made the place home. Smashing the cat-sized creatures left and right, the gang manage to avoid being badly poisoned and finish off the bugs just in time for [Declan Truefire](../Characters/Declan%20Truefire/%21index.md) to appear. Everyone pitches in to clear out the mold and mildew before getting some sleep.
- In the morning, the gang is rudely awakened by the sound of a huge drum. Heading out to resume his "interrogation", Declan returns to the northeast tower and convinces the lizardfolk guards to let him into the prison cell where [Leosin Erlanthar](../Characters/Leosin%20Erlanthar.md) and [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md) are held, slipping the two [Harpers](../Factions/Harpers.md) a ration. When Dralmorrer Borngray reappears to check on the captives, Declan promises to have more information to give to Wyrmspeaker Rezmir when she returns to the castle that evening.
- Meanwhile, Calcey reports to her cook duties and makes an immediate impression on the depressed chef Tharm Tharmzid. Promising to enliven the sorry cuisine of the castle, she helps herself to the supply of grain in the kitchen loft. In the Great Hall, Peregrine and [Hagar Bloodrop](../Characters/Hagar%20Bloodrop/%21index.md) report for box-making duty, quickly discovering that they are expected to be carpenters under the watchful eye of the higher-ranking cultists.
- Claiming he needs to relieve himself, Hagar is shown the door carrying a hastily made box as a chamber pot and directed to the castle's northwest tower. Finding the area nothing more than a massive garbage pit, the curious half-orc sees a set of stairs winding up to the second level about ten feet across the muck, and succeeds in a long jump but fails to stick the landing. Just as he picks himself up off the stairs, a tentacle emerges from the muck and slams into his back.