# Your Dad Met a Grave Fate

Date: March 14, 2021

- Examining what remains of the derelict house on Steel Avenue, Calcey concludes that the fire that ravaged the property may not have been an accident. Speaking with [Bryce Vang](../NPCs/Bryce%20Vang.md), the gang learn that the fire was discovered and hastily extinguished by the Black Fist just two nights ago, in the wee hours of the morning.
- Bryce mentions leaving his house to ensure the safety of himself and his son, and speaking with one of the Knights in the street to inquire about the source of the fire. As far as the Black Fist were concerned, the fire had to have been deliberately set by the Welcomers – if only because the house was being guarded by their mortal enemies.
- The Gang make their way over to the manicured gardens of Valhingen graveyard as the sun sets in order to scope out a location in which to spring their trap for the Tears of Virulence. With the aid of Doomguide [Yovir Glandon](../NPCs/Yovir%20Glandon.md), they settle on a location in the more rugged northeastern section of the graveyard that offers ample cover.
- Contacting [Sirge Wintermelt](../Characters/Sirge%20Wintermelt/%21index.md) via a *sending* spell, the Gang discover that Lt. [Cron Bolver](../NPCs/Cron%20Bolver.md) eagerly accepted Sirge's bogus cult credentials, being desperate for new information about the plot to take over Phlan. Evidently the Tears of Virulence had not managed to connect with their cutout in the [Cult of the Dragon](../Factions/Cult%20of%20the%20Dragon.md) for nearly a month.
- Hearing that the [Lord Sage of Phlan](../NPCs/Lord%20Sage%20of%20Phlan.md), as well as the Lord Regent himself plan to be present for the trap, Yovir resolves that the fate of Phlan may well be on the line, and commits  to offering the services of the faithful of Kelemvor for whatever assistance they can provide – magical or otherwise.
- Returning to [Aya Glenmiir](../NPCs/Aya%20Glenmiir.md)'s shop, the Gang dictate a letter to be delivered to Sirge via an *illusory script* spell. Peregrine artfully crafts a tearful letter from Sirge's mother describing the untimely death of his father, which contains a coded "message" describing the time and place of Vorgansharax's entry in to Phlan – all of this magically concealing a second message to Sirge with a coded phrase that will set the plan in motion.
- Using Peregrine's disguise kit, Aya transforms the young cleric into "Joey", a courier from Zhentil Keep who will bear this message to the Stojanow Gate. No sooner is the transformation completed than Peregrine sprints to the gate, where he is met by the stern visage and short temper of none other than Cron Bolver himself.
- Despite a brusque challenge to his story, "Joey" keeps his cool. After Bolver takes a quick look at the message, he promises to deliver it and shuts the door without another word. Triumphant, the Gang return to Denlor's Tower to finish out the day and await news of their plan's fruition on the morrow.