---
act: 3
episode: 12
date: 2022-05-22
---
# Act 3, Episode 12
## Back to Hell
With the scouting report that the arrival of dragons is imminent, Trueshot gives the order to extinguish lights and commands all available forces to ready their defenses in the Vine Vale. Araevin reminds the commander that the attacking dragons can't hope to succeed because the city's protective Mythal was designed to keep them out, and will inflict heavy damage on even an adult dragon that remains inside it for any length of time. The gang interrupt him to point out that, if their suspicions are correct, the Mythal may no longer be in play. The archmage steps outside to find that his worst fears are true: the Mythal has somehow been disabled, though this would take three wielders of Elven High Magic to accomplish. 

Everyone sprints towards the Passage. At the entrance to the caves, the group turn around just in time to witness the opening of the Cult attack to reclaim Skyreach. Peregrine and the others recognize three adult dragons — the burly green dragon Vorgansharax, the white dragon Glazhael who laired inside the castle, and another unfamiliar adult blue dragon. The attackers appear to be mounted on Wyverns alongside the dragons, and have brought with them a huge canvas sack for reasons unknown. 

As the party make their way into the depths of the caves, the path narrows to a chokepoint. Araevin stops to cast protective spells on himself, and confesses to Declan that he is certain the young half-elf is the son of the Archmage's former fiancee, Coronal Ilsevele Miritar, the leader of the fallen city of Myth Drannor. Rallying the gang with a speech, he reminds them that their goal is not to destroy Sandesyl, but to first reactivate the Mythal to save the lives of the soldiers in the Vale. Only then can the vampire hunting commence.

As the group forge on into the Groaning Cave, a trap laid by the vampire activates, lighting up an arcane glyph that causes an explosion in the chamber. Just as the gang are getting back onto their feet, swarms of bats pour out into the room from a hole in the wall, enveloping everyone in an angry, biting mass of furry flesh. Fortunately the group are able to make quick work of the Children of the Night, burning and hacking the furry assailants until none are left to slow their progress. With a warning to stand back, Araevin opens the door to the Mythal Chamber to reveal his student, Mithriel, on her knees in front of two desiccated corpses. The vampire's laughter echoes throughout the cave and a fierce battle commences.

Araevin and an invisible Declan charge into the room in pursuit of Mithriel, hoping to turn her from the Vampire's charms and reactive the mythal. Meanwhile, Calcey and Hagar sprint in to engage the Vampire Spawn Tyrael Mooncairn, who emerges from behind the rocks to slash at them with claw and fang. Peregrine, wielding his new holy weapon, quickly becomes entangled in a desperate struggle with the ancient Vampire herself, who uses her supernatural speed and power to drain the life from the young cleric at every opportunity.

With Peregrine looking paler every minute, Sandesyl witnesses Hagar turn her precious spawn into Vampire meat and retaliates by wielding all of her charms on the Barbarian. Desperate for an edge, Calcey can't stop the half-orc from cutting a path of destruction, but manages to burn away the undead flesh of Sandesyl using her waterskin of holy water from the Singing Spring, buying Peregrine a little more time. Just as the vampire drains the last bit of life from the cleric and moves to stomp him out forever, Declan helps Mithriel to her feet and the three casters are able to reactivate Evereska's mythal, turning the tide of the battle in the Vine Vale.

In a last-ditch effort to save her friend, Calcey stuffs a love potion into Hagar's mouth, overwhelming the Vampiric charm and convincing the half-orc he is madly in love with his smaller counterpart. Sensing that their time is nearly up, Araevin makes a huge gamble, locking half the party inside an invulnerable dome on the Mythal platform and pursuing the Vampire into a one-on-one fight. Bringing time itself to a halt, the Archmage repeatedly attempts to banish the Vampire from the Material Plane, on his final effort succeeding and sending her into a world of pain on the Plane of Fire. Exhausted from the pitched battle, Araevin ascends the steps of the Mythal and shakes his student over and over, demanding to know how she learned the terrible magic that killed the hunters and allowed her to alter the Mythal on her own.