---
act: 3
episode: 16
date: 2022-07-14
---
# Act 3, Episode 16
## The Dad Who Stepped Up
While the Gang head to rendezvous with Aya Glenmiir, the Archmage stays behind to explore Denlor's tower and see what secrets it might yet yield. Before leaving, Declan takes Eryn out of his bag, asking the imprisoned soul if she wishes to stay in the tower or join them on their latest adventure. After a bit of sulking, the book seems to resolve to accompany the gang.

At Aya Glenmiir's shop, the party hears rumors of a mysterious organization called the Moonsea League that seems to have the attention of merchants and other citizens of Phlan. Aya no longer keeps any students, and she privately speculates that Devon, her latest, was recalled by his noble family to his home in Melvaunt out of anticipation of some sort of political unrest. Of the Lord Sage, she recalls that he had been talking to himself lately, wondering aloud whether someone might be watching him. The gang debate whether the Scale of Tiamat might not be slowly corrupting the old librarian's mind and decide to pay him a visit.

At Mantor's Library, the Lord Sage's office is strangely empty and quiet. Full of trepidation, Declan manages to unlock the secret compartment, but the Scale of Tiamat is still in its place and appears to be the genuine article. Peregrine contacts the Lord Sage directly using *sending*, and surprisingly he replies, somewhat incoherently asking the gang not to look for him until he can be sure he's safe from an unknown pursuer.

When Aya and the Gang summon scribe master Cassra Brandywine, she appears equally confused and distraught, but recalls that the Lord Sage commissioned some research from her on Thurndan Tallwand, an oddity given Calcey's own interest in the Mulman wizard. Moreover, the Lord Sage had asked for some ancient history of Phlan about a long-extinct noble family with some relationship to the Quivering Forest. The connection between these things isn't at all clear. Aya hesitates when considering whether to accompany the Gang on a search, but Calcey manages to convince her she's up to the task.

Peregrine uses some personal effects in the office to establish a strong connection and manages to scry on the Lord Sage, finding him drifting off to sleep in what looks like a large ruin somewhere near a forest in a region that looks quite like the Moonsea. Resolving to retrace his steps, the gang exit the library and visit each of the gates into Old Phlan, asking the Black Fist sentries if they saw anyone matching the Lord Sage's description. At the East Gate, a guard recalls seeing someone slip out late into the night, but Calcey's offer of gold jogs his memory a little too hard and he fails to produce anything else of value.

Performing another *sending*, Peregrine contacts Serelis Greenleaf, the taciturn ranger who lives at the edge of the Quivering Forest. Serelis's advice is brief and unhelpful: more information is needed to narrow the search down. Resolving to take the opportunity to mend fences with Serelis and the Emerald Enclave, the party decide to pay him a visit in person. First, they return to Denlor's Tower, where Araevin surprises everyone by reporting that he may have a way to outsmart the flippant Ali.


