---
act: 3
episode: 15
date: 2022-06-30
---
# Act 3, Episode 15
## Operation Fumble the Bag
As the gang rouse themselves after a night of heavy drinking, they head downstairs to find the common room of the Unicorn and Crescent largely deserted. A knock at the door surprises everyone until the voice of Tomb Master Kinyon Colbathin announces that he has arrived and is ready to duel Hagar, as previously agreed. Calcey quickly snaps into manager mode, ginning up interest in the fight from nearby citizens and demanding Trueshot go back to the Academy of Arms to bring over some cadets to witness the contest of strength.

After the two combatants agree on terms, they strip naked in accordance with traditional Elven fighting custom, earning some respect from the now decent-sized crowd of onlookers. Trueshot takes an early lead in the brawl by managing to shove Hagar prone and rain down blows, but even his fast hands aren't enough to overcome the Barbarian's ability to simply shrug off damage while raging. After four fierce rounds, the fight is over: Trueshot taps out, declaring Hagar the victor.

Meanwhile, Declan's would-be suitor Elisia quietly slips back into the Unicorn and Crescent, finding the young sorcerer nursing a large hangover at the back of the crowd. Elisia wants to know if Declan will stand by his words, or if they were simply the empty promises of the young and beautiful. For his part, Declan manages to let her down with some grace and honesty — after all, the life of an adventurer is filled with peril, and surely no match for a girl whose family is looking for stability. With a parting gift of an emerald necklace recovered from one of his very first adventures, Declan makes a new friend.

As the backyard brawl is concluding, Archmage Araevin Teshurr arrives to discuss the matter of the *Black Dragon Mask*. Returning to the Archmage's office at the College of Magic so that they can convene without fear of scrying, the group rehash their plans for the next move. The plan is set in motion: first, Araevin will cast *nondetection* on the Gang to conceal their movements. Then, Declan will teleport the group to Denlor's Tower in Phlan so that the mask can be safely stowed in a quiet, dark location. Meanwhile, Calcey will slip out to investigate the matter of the Lord Sage's behavior. Finally, the Gang will teleport to Roarke House in Waterdeep, allow their scrying protection to lapse, and pretend to have hidden the mask at the Yawning Portal tavern to throw off their pursuers. Thus begins Operation Fumble the Bag.

With Araevin in tow, the group create their first *teleportation circle* and return to Denlor's Tower to be immediately greeted and harassed by Ali, the resident Efreeti spirit. Entranced by this interloper from the Plane of Fire, Araevin asks about Denlor and how he came to imprison Ali in the tower. Happy to oblige, Ali heaps criticism on the squatters in the tower while retelling how Denlor first stole the Efreet's favorite sword and then tricked him into servitude using the magic of genie-binding. Ali confidently assures the Gang that, although any of them is theoretically capable of this feat, none will in fact prove intelligent enough to carry it off, and thus Denlor's private chambers will forever remain off-limits. Clearing out a space in the wine cellar, the gang stores the *black dragon mask* in total darkness.




