---
act: 3
episode: 14
date: 2022-06-09
---
# Act 3, Episode 14
## Work Hard, Play Hard
Peregrine contacts Aya Glenmiir using a *sending*, reporting that the *Black Dragon Mask* remains secure and that the vampire stalking Evereska has been defeated. The party ask for advice on their next move and where to store the mask now that its location is known. Aya's response is strained: the old teacher doesn't have any ideas for safely storing the artifact, but seems to need to party's help back in Phlan for a matter involving the Lord Sage.

The party also contact Lord Renaer Neverember of Waterdeep to make the same report, wondering if he has access to a safe storage location for their precious cargo. Renaer hints that their presence in Waterdeep would be politically convenient and promises to help them work out the matter of storing the mask as soon as they can come to Roarke House, though he too seems preoccupied with other matters in the City of Splendors.

Everyone engages in vigorous debate about where to take the mask. Araevin brings up the possiblity that the gang had mentioned earlier of paying a visit to Talis's base of operations at the Hunting Lodge, growing more interested when Declan explains that the connection between Castle Naerytar and the lodge used the ancient Elven portal network. However, everyone realizes that getting to the Lodge might be much easier than getting safely home.

Hagar mentions the possibility of Araevin making a solo reconnaissance mission to the lodge, which reminds the archmage that it might not be a bad idea to scry on the Cultists to see where they're currently gathered. Using the note that Talis provided the gang to get aboard Skyrearch, Araevin is able to catch a glimpse of the Wearer of Purple in an underground cave system filled with other cultists, kobolds, and what looked to be chained up prisoners. Wherever she is, it's certainly not the Hunting Lodge.

Trying to recall the eventual planned destination of Skyreach Castle, the gang manage to dredge up a memory of some place called the Well of Dragons, which Araevin has also heard of. In the archives, Declan is able to find a tome of Cult of the Dragon history that describes how ancient dragons sought out the Well as a place to peacefully pass on from this world. The book tells a story of Sammaster, former leader of the Cult of the Dragon, taking over the Well from its guardian dragon and using it as a place to perform the foul ritual that creates a dracolich.

Meanwhile, Hagar assists Calcey by grabbing as many heavy magical tomes as possible for the elderly thief to puzzle over in search of a spell that could help conceal the *Black Dragon Mask*. After a full day of research, they hit paydirt: a rare seventh-level spell called *Sequester* that removes an object or creature from the flow of time, making it invisible and undetectable until the spell ends. The archmage, intrigued, promises to study the spell more to learn about its requirements and properties. Peregrine's research into potential connections between the Cult and the Red Wizards of Thay comes up empty.

Returning to the Unicorn and Crescent inn, the gang decide to celebrate their victory in grand fashion, finding a willing and awestruck audience of Elven students. Calcey mixes a brand-new cocktail dubbed the "Evereskan vampire killer" that knocks everyone off their feet. Over the course of the night, Hagar challenges Trueshot to a duel in fisticuffs the following morning, while Calcey gets a little too sloppy in her attempt to pickpocket a noble named Regynald and draws the ire of an Evereskan noble family. Peregrine somehow manages to expend 500gp worth of spell components in an ill-fated attempt to impress everyone by scrying on Bahamut himself, while Declan semi-accidentally promises his hand in marriage to well-meaning young student named Elisia. The next morning brings more questions than answers.



