---
act: 3
episode: 17
date: 2022-07-21
---
# Act 3, Episode 17
## The Artist Formerly Known as Denlor
As Araevin shows the Gang the strange book he found in Denlor's lecture room, everyone struggles to identify the language inside, finding a mixture of mage's notes and an unknown language that uses the Draconic alphabet. Interspersed with the writing are sigils, which Araevin guesses have some role in the binding of genies...but what exactly is unclear. Hagar points out that the headband Peregrine is currently wearing bears the same sigil as one written prominently in the book, in the same orientation.

Acting on a hunch, Araevin attempts to command Ali using the sigil, but is rebuffed when the haughty Efreeti informs him that Denlor's name on its own has no power over a genie. Instead, the name the Gang must seek is Ali's name. When Peregrine tries to further coax the genie, Ali offers one more clue: the full form of the first of his many names, Alireza. Everyone struggles to match the name of Denlor with the sigil in the book, and wonders whether one of the other sigils written there might not be Ali's, though this theory is soon disproven.

Trying to obtain a little more working data, Declan and Hagar perform, beg, taunt, and otherwise implore Ali into revealing the sigils for their own two names, helping the others start to piece together the puzzle. When Calcey points out that the sigils must repeat letters in certain positions, Peregrine arranges the sigils on top of each other and begins to see a correspondence between all the sigils thus far written down. Finding the groups of shared letters eventually points the way to the name "Alireza", sufficient to convince the cranky genie that everyone is worthy of entry into Denlor's private chambers.

Inside, the group find two pristine rooms evidently untouched by the forces of evil that once ravaged the tower. Denlor's chest of drawers is filled with personal effects, including fine clothes, a flask, a journal, and a keyring. Before Calcey can pick any locks or Hagar can break down any doors, the keys are used for their intended purpose: opening the way into a small closet adjoining the room that turns out to be full of wonders. On the ground is a chest full of magical items to delight the eye, while occupying a weapon rack is a finely wrought short sword. As the group take in their bounty, Ali sadly remarks that the sword was his pride and joy — and the first thing Denlor stole from him.


