---
act: 3
episode: 19
date: 2022-08-04
---
# Act 3, Episode 19
## Rest In Peace
As the party gathers at the Leaky Bucket to satisfy their appetites, Hupe Brightbell explains that Kabel's Hill has been unable to resupply its liquor as a result of a political tiff with Lord Maalthir of Hillsfar. Calcey, feeling magnanimous, promises to fund the labor of as many local craftspeople as can be gathered to expand and renovate the establishment, while Araevin tidies up the place using a few well-placed cantrips, to Aya's amusement.

On inquiring as to the fate of the *Seagull's Caw*, the gang learns that captain Calvin Bramblebottom recently convened the crew at the Leaky Bucket in order to dismiss them. Dismayed, the group resolves to visit the Bramblebottom farm to figure out what really happened, though Calcey stays behind to help out the Brightbells. At the farmhouse, Old Man Brightbell fetches young Calvin to deliver the story of the *Seagull's Caw*. The ship took on wool from the Cadorna textile mills, but only made it as far as Thentia before being turned away due to a Mulmasterite naval blockade. Rumor from the merchant captains is that a great evil was perpetrated there in order to force Thentia into the Moonsea League. The gang leave Calvin with cash and instructions to contact Aya Glenmiir in Phlan if the situation progresses.

Braving the cold and misty night, the gang make their way to Serelis's secluded cabin at the edge of the Quivering Forest. The ranger apologizes for the way that he parted with everyone, and offers whatever help he can provide in the matter of the Lord Sage. At Serelis's suggestion, Araevin performs a *scrying* on the old librarian using a letter provided by Declan, which is enough to establish a connection and grant him a view into the darkened ruin where the Sage is hiding. There, the Archmage spies an old shield bearing the device of a Hippogriff. Serelis doesn't recognize this emblem, and confesses that anyone who might is at least 800 years dead — at which point Peregrine hits on an idea. Luckily for the gang, all the previous rangers who held the job of Warden of Kabel's Hill are buried in barrow-mounds outside the cabin. Serelis is willing to point the way to the grave of Velene, but will not stay to witness it be defiled.

Hagar makes an effort to gently sift through the soil in pursuit of body parts capable of holding a conversation, and soon the Gang have uncovered a mostly intact skull, to the alarm of Aya Glenmiir and intense interest of Araevin Teshurr. Peregrine summons his clerical powers to invite the spirit of Velene the ranger back to the Material Plane, where it manages to recall the noble house that used the device of a Hippogriff: House Stavenger, the builders of Castle Atuke, a ruin that Aya is surprised to recognize lies just outside the limits of Phlan itself. When pressed on the dangers that lie in the castle, Velene is cryptic, revealing only that the Stavengers were duped by a "Shadow" that they assumed was a spirit of the Quivering Forest. Whatever befell this ancient noble house, it was a gift given by the Shadow that the Stavengers could not refuse — one that extinguished their noble lineage. The Gang return to Serelis's cabin and steel themselves for what the morning will surely bring.









