---
act: 3
episode: 18
date: 2022-07-28
---
# Act 3, Episode 18
## Unafraid
The gang parcel out their bounty collected from the wizard Denlor's chambers with some help from Archmage Araevin Teshurr. The chest yields a bounty of potions, including draughts for healing, fire breathing, and resistance to fire. Even more exciting are the *ioun stone of awareness* and powerful *wand of the war mage* that Denlor apparently saved for his personal use in this room. Finally, Calcey takes down the Efreeti-forged scimitar *Harlequin* from its rack on the wall and is instructed by an anxious Ali on its command word, which causes the magical blade to burst into roaring flames.

Meanwhile, the Archmage performs a *comprehend languages* ritual in order to decipher Denlor's private journal, written in his native Halruaan. Covering the six years after Denlor's arrival in Phlan in the year 1333, the pages initially describe a deepening bond between Denlor and the wizard Ranthor, his mentor, close friend, and evidently sometime lover. Denlor writes of his exploits on the elemental plane of fire, but seems to frequently profess suspicion about his younger brother Gensor, who joins Denlor in Phlan around 1334. Whether it's with the noble Xandria Welltran or the wealthy Cadorna family, Gensor seems to be quite cozy with the powerful elites of Phlan, even as the city descends into chaos with the arrival of the Lord of the Ruins. The journal ends abruptly sometime in 1339 with Denlor's observation that less and less of the old city is safe to travel.

With more and more of Denlor's secrets coming to light, the gang turn their attention to another mystery: the whereabouts of the still-missing Lord Sage. Returning to Aya Glenmiir's shop to collect the elderly wizard, they face a difficult choice: the party is too numerous for everyone to remain shielded by a *nondetection* spell at all times, to say nothing of the cost of performing it so frequently. The original plan to feint by traveling to Waterdeep and pretending to store the *Black Dragon Mask* comes under renewed scrutiny. Eventually, the party resolve to shield Hagar from divination spells as a stopgap measure, since Talis the White is most likely to target him for *scrying*. Venturing out into the early spring gloom in search of the ranger Serelis Greenleaf, the six adventurers trudge their way to Kabel's Hill and are ecstatically welcomed by the proprietors of the Leaky Bucket Inn.