---
act: 1
episode: 1
date: 1991-01-01
---
# Act 3, Episode 13
## How Are They So Blue?
As the group take a moment to catch their breath, Calcey walks over to the remains of the vampire spawn and is surprised to discover that his wounds seem to have healed themselves. Not wishing to take any more chances, Hagar forces the remainder of the holy water down the soldier's throat, burning his guts from the inside, and Peregrine finishes him off with a blow from Penance. With the vampiric threat ended, Araevin hurries the group back to the surface.

At the College of Magic, it's evident that the tower has suffered a targeted dragon attack. Alyn the student relays his story of helping the others into the Conservatory to take shelter, while Araevin and the gang are relieved to find the *Black Dragon Mask* still in its place in Araevin's office, with little permanent damage to the structure. Araevin sends the silent Mithriel back to the Unicorn and Crescent with the Gang, where they receive a warm reception. Hagar offers some words of consolation to the young Elven mage, for he too was possessed by the Vampire.

Catching what rest they can in the remainder of the night, the Gang awake to a summons by Lord Duirsar to a council of the Hill Elders. Accompanying Alyn to the Hall of the High Hunt, they find the Elven nobility already gathered in groups engaged in vigorous debate. Declan gives the report from the Task Force about their efforts to stop the vampire, earning the awe of the crowd when it is revealed that he helped restore Evereska's mythal.

After the other members of the council give their reports, High Huntress Thia Riverwall reveals that the ritual that enabled Mithriel to manipulate the mythal on her own was a *soultheft*, an ancient and forbidden magic carrying a penalty of exile. Over the shock of the crowd, Hagar recalls how Mithriel seemed barely aware of what it was she had done, while Declan offers an impassioned defense of her efforts to reactivate the mythal. Ultimately, due to the intervention of the Quarantine Gang, her fate is left up to Araevin.

On the issue of the *Black Dragon Mask*, some members of the Evereskan nobility ask that the Gang leave and take the artifact with them. Hagar reminds the assembly that, though the battle would not have occurred without the arrival of the mask, Evereska's sacrifice likely saved the rest of Faerun from a much more devastating fate. Trueshot also speaks up, recalling how the Gang selflessly stepped in to save his life from the Vampire spawn aboard the castle mere days after having come to the city.

Lord Duirsar concludes the council by inviting the Gang to stay as long as they wish, and the Archmage accompanies the party back to his quarters to discuss their next move in private. Leading options include contacting allies in Waterdeep for suggestions on places to store the mask, a return to the Hunting Lodge in pursuit of Talis the White, and research into the ritual to bring back Tiamat and the role of the Red Wizards of Thay.