---
act: 3
episode: 21
date: 2022-09-01
---
# Act 3 Episode 21
## I'd Rather Be Raging
As the undead haunting Castle Atuke swarm the party, Hagar activates the *beacon of hope* spell stored in the *ioun stone of reserve* and wades into battle, though it quickly becomes apparent that corporeal weapons have limited effects on some of the castle's more eccentric residents. Calcey uses her fast hands to rummage around in the area around the desecrated altar, discovering a strange dessicated hand in a secret compartment. Destroying it doesn't seem to faze the shambling suits of armor or whispering, babbling ghost.

Meanwhile, Declan blasts the entire chapel with a *sickening radiance* spell, melting several of the suits of armor. The strange cloak-like presence continues whispering and howling insane phrases about the structure of reality, frightening and confusing Aya Glenmiir until Araevin manages to *banish* it to a demiplane and temporarily halt its ramblings. Seeing that this too doesn't stop the advancing suits of armor, Calcey rushes down into the basement and finds a wraithlike human female form that immediately shrieks in anger at her intrusion.

As the other members of the party try to give Calcey some backup, the ghost howls in rage, pluging its icy fingers into Calcey and Hagar and draining their life force. When Araevin manages to *banish* this restless spirit as well, the animated suits of armor finally fall silent, the dull spirit presences inside them seemingly no longer compelled to move. Everyone rushes out of the chapel before the banished spirits can return and wreak havoc again.

Ascending the crumbling spiral staircase in the rear tower towards a flickering light, Peregrine calls out and is greeted by the lined, anxious face of the Lord Sage of Phlan. Frightened by the unfamiliar presence of Araevin and clearly consumed with guilt that the Gang came to find him, it takes some work to coax the old half-elf down from the tower and address the subject of his paranoia. Apparently, the Lord Sage was convinced that he had been followed around Scholar's Square recently, and even was tailed on his way to Castle Atuke.

When the party press him about what caused him to flee the city, the Lord Sage admits that he too had heard the news about the supposed disaster perpetrated in Thentia by the Mulmasterite navy. As he recounts asking scribe master Cassra Brandywine to research the growing power in Mulmaster, he holds up two portraits: one, a recently commissioned sketch of Thurndan Tallwand, immediately familiar to Calcey. The other is a charcoal sketch showing what appears to be the same man with his brother — a drawing made by the Lord Sage himself over a hundred years ago. Araevin is the first to put the pieces together: The Lord Sage was once known as Ranthor, the former lover of Denlor the Wizard. The two people in the sketch are none other than the brothers Denlor and Gensor.