---
act: 3
episode: 27
date: 2022-10-20
---
# Act 3, Episode 27
## Parliament of Knives
Hagar celebrates his 22nd birthday in style by taking Sirge Wintermelt to the Yawning Portal, promptly drinking the young Harper under the table. Meanwhile, Declan commissions a Waterdhavian sculptor to create a bear figurine as a birthday gift for Hagar, but immediately regrets his decision to give the bear's face Hagar's likeness. Peregrine spends a quiet moment revisiting an old hideout in the Dock Ward, discovering things haven't changed since the Foxteeth disbanded, and keeps a souvenir from his former life.

As a pleasant spring evening envelops the city, the Quarantine Gang make their way via carriage to the Lord's Palace of Waterdeep, where the city's politicians are engaged in vigorous debate in the outer chambers. Led by Renaer Neverember to a secret backroom where the Council has convened, they pause for a moment so that Peregrine can make a prayer to enhance Declan's charisma, and promise Lord Neverember they won't embarrass him in front of his father. Lady Laeral Silverhand, open lord of Waterdeep, seems peculiarly taken with Declan, although his attempt to quietly detect her thoughts fails.

The Gang is introduced to the delegates who have traveled from across the Realms to meet in Waterdeep, and Renaer Neverember lays out the terms of the council. Each member is accorded one vote, with the Quarantine Gang collectively voting as one. The delegates give their reports about the violence the Cult has visited on their lands. Some speak openly of swift retribution, while others urge caution or voice their opposition to direct military action. When all have spoken, the Quarantine Gang make their own speeches, bringing home the inescapable danger faced by all the Realms if Tiamat is to return.

King Melandrach of the Misty Forest asks the Gang pointedly if they know what caused the sonic disturbances felt across the realms, and whether the Cult was indeed behind the terrible sound. After conferring with his friends, Declan reveals to the council what the Gang learned from Lady Dala: the sound was made by the _Draakhorn_, an ancient Draconic artifact used to call dragons to war. When the source of this information is revealed, Open Lord Laeral Silverhand immediately orders that Lady Dala be brought to the Council Chambers to give her report in person. Meanwhile, a debate erupts between the council members who favor striking at the Cult immediately and those who would delay action until more is known about the _Draakhorn_.

When Lady Dala arrives, she does so in the company of another much older woman, who is introduced as matriarch Saerista Silmerhelve. Declan again manages to pass off a _detect thoughts_ spell while the lords and ladies are absorbed in their debate, but Saerista's mind also proves unyielding to his magic. The old noblewoman cuts straight to the point: the person who knows the most about the _Draakhorn_ was a scholar of the Arcane Brotherhood named Maccath the Crimson. Maccath disappeared nearly three years ago after making a pilgrimage to the far North to attempt to track down the artifact, and has not been heard from since. Her last known location was beyond Icewind Dale in the great Sea of Moving Ice.
