---
act: 3
episode: 25
date: 2022-10-06
---
# Act 3, Episode 25
## The Gathering Storm
Before the fleeing cultists can make it to the door of the hunting lodge, Hagar cuts them down with a mighty swing of the Shieldbiter Heirloom. The Gang search the bloodied remains of Talis's retinue for valuables and pause to bandage their wounds before slipping inside the quiet of the lodge. As Peregrine channels the energy of Tiamat to heal his comrades, he recalls his dream from the previous night, where Bahamut appeared to him on the docks of Waterdeep to deliver an important message: find the patron of house Silmerhelve.

Creeping through the unfamiliar hallways of the lodge, Declan uses an *arcane eye* to peek under each door, looking for signs of life. In a lavish bedroom, the gang find Talis's private stash: a suit of magical chainmail and a spell scroll atop a chest full of gold, which Calcey is only too happy to unlock. Meanwhile, Hagar discovers a great hall at the back of the building covered in lavish tapestries depicting the tyranny of dragons being visited on various locations throughout Faerun.

Suddenly, muted voices are heard from the lower floor. When Declan and Calcey move to investigate, they discover the lodge's servants cowering in the kitchen, fearful of the conquering adventurers. The four humans are wary of Calcey at first, but they're willing to make a break for it — provided the gang can get them out of the lodge before Trepsin and his trolls show up. Just as the sounds of a guard drake patrol can be heard outside, Declan completes a *teleportation circle* and everyone makes a daring escape to the safety of the Roarke House common room in Waterdeep.


