---
act: 3
episode: 22
date: 2022-09-08
---
# Act 3, Episode 22
## Hello, This Is God
As the Gang are reunited with the Lord Sage, the old half-elf notices that Calcey is wielding the famed sword of his husband. Calcey open up for the first time about her ordeal at the hands of Thurndan Tallwand — AKA Gensor — to the Lord Sage. Aya Glenmiir, for her part, is not thrilled that her oldest friend in Phlan seemingly had an entire second life he never revealed to anyone.

While the rest of the party takes a well-deserved rest, Araevin uses his powers of *invisibility* to reconnoiter the rest of the castle, in search of whoever might have been tailing the Lord Sage. In the kitchen, the gang find the recently dead body of one Ellison Berenger — the Scroll Thief of Phlan. Ellison's eyes have been gouged out, and he seems to have spent the remainder of his strength writing an inscrutable message in his own blood onto the wall.

From Ellison's body, Declan recovers two items: a journal tracking the Lord Sage's movements and possible modes of entry into Mantor's Library, and a letter signed by none other than Talis the White, promising Ellison a shot at the nobility if he undertook one last mission for the New Cult. In an effort to interrogate Ellison further, Peregrine casts *speak with dead*, learning that Talis did in fact assign the former cultist to scope out Mantor's Library, as he had such success infiltrating the building in the past. Talis seems to have known about the Scale of Tiamat via Spernik, who the Quarantine Gang brought back from the Temple of the Scale prior to his execution.

Peregrine contacts scribe mistress Cassra Brandywine to warn her of a possible incursion, and receives a reply that a fight has already taken place within the scroll chamber. Hurrying back to Phlan, the party find the library crawling with Black Fist soldiers. Aleyd Burral doesn't know much, but can confirm that weapons were drawn inside the scroll chamber and apparently an altercation resulted, but no one seems to have been hurt. Rushing to the Lord Sage's office, the gang find a distraught Cassra sifting through papers. In the hidden vault of the office is a note confirming their worst fears: Talis has the scale. Her objective: trade it for the Black Dragon Mask.

