---
act: 1
episode: 1
date: 2022-11-03
---
# Act 3, Episode 29
## Sword Coastess With The Mostess
The Gang make their preparations for a journey to the far North. Fearing the chill will penetrate her aging bones, Calcey acquires a bottle of Waterdhavian brandy and supplies to make cold-weather treats. Declan swaps spellbooks for scrolls of protection with the wizard Eiruk Weskur, while Hagar restocks his javelins and pens a will in the event that he does not return alive. The Moonsea Mail Mage acquires a sackful of letters to bring on his way up the Sword Coast.

On Ches 20, Renaer Neverember escorts the Gang down to the Dock Ward to meet the ship that the Lord's Alliance has procured to take them North. There they meet the intrepid Captain Klaus "Half-Face" Bergmann and his ship _Frostskimmr_. Finding Captain Half-Face a trustworthy leader, the Gang make ready to depart Waterdeep immediately.

A four-day journey up the Sword Coast follows, as _Frostskimmr_ stays close to the coast to keep its provisions stocked up before venturing out into the great Sea of Moving Ice. When the crew go ashore at Luskan, Peregrine joins them to deliver some mail, but suddenly realizes that the letter he's holding is a report on his own return to Waterdeep. Someone has been keeping tabs on him: one of the former members of the Foxteeth, now an informer for the Cult of the Dragon. Needless to say, the letter is not delivered.

When _Frostskimmr_ finally reaches the Sea of Moving Ice, Calcey takes it upon herself to scale the mast keep an eye out for the distinctive shape of the iceberg lair they are seeking: Oyaviggaton, the "island of eternity". After nearly two days of fruitless searching, the ship comes upon one of the Ice Hunters native to the region, wounded and fleeing a hungry polar bear. Captain Half-Face brings the ship around and the Gang vault onto the ice to save the Ice Hunter.

Calcey's new friend Beauregard, a strapping lad with a resemblance to one of her former lovers, speaks a little of the Ice Hunter language and is able to communicate with the woman as the Gang patch up her injuries. From her, the Gang learn that a tribe of Ice Hunters live on Oyaviggaton, but they have little contact even with other tribes in the area. The hunter grudgingly indicates the direction of the iceberg, but warns the Gang in no uncertain terms: visiting it will bring them only sorrow. No one ever returns from Oyaviggaton.