---
act: 3
episode: 23
date: 2022-09-15
---
# Act 3, Episode 23
## Show Him The Merchandise
The Gang spend some time holding council about their next move. Archmage Teshurr wonders how much the party really know about the Scale of Tiamat, and whether Talis the White can be trusted to make the trade. A tentative plan is made: accept the trade, but set a trap near the standing stones as backup. Declan creates a magical *private sanctum* to provide everyone some privacy in order to debate options for transportation to the hunting lodge, and assigns scribe mistress Cassra Brandywine responsibility for determining how the break-in at Mantor's Library was carried out.

Meanwhile, Araevin attempts to scry on Talis, but finds his vision obscured by some form of defensive magic. Without much else to go on, the group opt to have a convincing copy of the *Black Dragon Mask* created in order to dupe Talis. Bryce Vang the armorer is summoned to the sanctum in the Lord Sage's office while everyone follows the trail of the thieves until it peters out in the direction of the Archives. When Bryce arrives, Peregrine goes to fetch the *Black Dragon Mask* using a *bag of holding* so it can't be scryed on, and Calcey makes the smith a deal: a king's ransom in mixed gems, paid up front, so long as no questions are asked about copying the mask. Bryce agrees to start work immediately and continue round-the-clock until it is finished, with a completion date of evening on Ches 17.

Hagar stays to help the Lord Sage tidy up his office, while the rest of the gang shift their temporary headquarters to Bryce Vang's residence, setting up a new *private sanctum* and finding some floor space to catch a little shuteye while work on the mask begins. Vang sets about heating his furnace while Araevin takes the first watch. Some time in the night, everyone is awakened by a strange and foreboding sound — a deep bass rumble, almost inaudible, shakes the foundations of the house and sets animals shrieking and crying in the night. Before anyone can determine the source of the sound, it fades back into to nothingness.


