---
act: 3
episode: 20
date: 2022-08-18
---
# Act 3, Episode 20
## The Doom of Atuke
Before the Gang turn in at the Leaky Bucket, Peregrine contacts Scribe Master Cassra Brandywine with a *sending* spell to inform her that the party intends to make a move on Castle Atuke the following day, and casts a *beacon of hope* into the *ioun stone of reserve* held by Hagar for later use. Aya finds a moment to ask Calcey how she manages to be brave enough to go on these adventures, to which both the halfling and Declan offer a few encouraging words.

The morning dawns gray and wet. Realizing that every bit of information counts, the gang visit the Bramblebottom farm and send Calvin on an urgent errand: return to Phlan and gather whatever documentation Cassra had collected on the Stavenger family, and bring it to Castle Atuke. Calvin borrows his grandfather's best horse and a waxed canvas jacket and heads out into the rain without looking back. The gang follow hot on his heels in the direction of Phlan.

Wandering around in the murky gloom, it takes Aya Glenmiir the better part of an hour to bring everyone to the wreckage of Castle Atuke in the muddy farmlands outside the walls of Phlan. At first, there appears to be a strangely shaped beast awaiting the gang when they arrive — but it turns out to only be a soaked Calvin, bearing Cassra's research in a leather envelope. Hagar conjures a bonfire to fight the damp while everyone crowds around to look at the documents.

Declan and Araevin read through the few pages of parchment in the envelope, which paint a picture of the Stavenger family as a once-proud noble house of Cormyr. Baron Jaxyn Stavenger, a noted alchemist, moved his family to the Moonsea in pursuit of the region's famed natural resources, and quickly established himself and his wife Savenna as a political power in the early history of Phlan. But Jaxyn's thirst for alchemical knowledge evidently undid him when something came out of the Quivering Forest and brought ruin on his family and his castle.

Hagar conjures a totem spirit in the form of a crow that flies a circuit around the castle and catches sight of movement inside the dim lower floor. When the bird wheels up near the ruined towers, it spies a fire burning inside one of them and flies down to investigate. Inside is a form slumped under a blanket, with adventuring gear strewn about the room haphazardly. When the bird returns and Hagar gives his report, the Gang debate their options and decide to venture directly into the castle.

In the dimly lit halls of Castle Atuke, Calcey leads the way, carefully directing the party away from the shifting shapes in the dark. Hagar helps everyone pick their way around the rotting floors and precariously leaning walls, while Declan and Peregrine do their best to keep everyone's spirits high despite the lingering sense of madness that seems to hang in the air like mist. The path is slow going, but other than a brief and tumultuous rockfall the party manages to avoid combat until Hagar is surprised by a strange, whirling dark shape that emerges out of the wall and whispers dark secrets to the party. Animated suits of armor clamber into the room. The party is surrounded!


