---
act: 3
episode: 25
date: 2022-09-22
---
# Act 3, Episode 24
## T-Rex Time
In Denlor's tower, the Gang convene to plan the trap that will take effect once Talis the White takes possession of the fake Black Dragon Mask. Peregrine sets a *glyph of warding* on the mask, and Declan stores a *fireball* in the spell trap. Calcey convinces Fillistrom Wunderkundoodle to augment the spell with a potion of alchemical fire. Before they adjourn, Araevin informs them that he is being called back to Evereska to investigate the source of the vibrations that rocked Phlan the previous evening, but will remain in Phlan in order to send them on their way to the Greypeak Mountains.

At the Hunting Lodge of Talis the White, a showdown commences. The Scale of Tiamat is placed in the no-man's-land between the Quarantine Gang and Talis's cronies, while Hagar and Calcey bring the fake Black Dragon Mask up for trade. Kusphia the cultist carries the mask back to Talis so that the half-elf can eagerly examine it, but no sooner does she touch it than the *glyph of warding* cast on it explodes, consuming her retinue in fire supercharged by Fillistrom's alchemy.

Sputtering back to life, Talis roars into action. At her command, the white dragon Glazhael drops its *invisibility* spell and appears directly behind the gang, bathing them in a blast of icy wind. Meanwhile, the veterans Maelgot and Sorvic take up defensive positions, and Talis herself attempts to heal her retinue with magic. As the dragon bears down on the gang, Declan transforms himself and Peregrine into Tyrannosaurs, setting off a fierce battle of massive lizards. Calcey charges towards Glazhael with blades drawn, but soon finds herself getting torn to shreds by the Dragon's fierce bite.

As the cultists attempt a fighting retreat to the hunting lodge, Hagar cuts them down with a crackling bolt of lightning from Aerdrie's Temper. Declan charges forward as a Tyrannosaur to cut off their escape, shearing Talis's body in half and scattering the remaining cultists in terror. As the epic duel between Glazhael and Peregrine surges on, the dragon eventually abandons the fight, taking to the sky battered and broken but clinging to life. Hagar pursues the remnants of the cult forces to the doorstep of the hunting lodge, axe drawn.


