---
act: 3
episode: 26
date: 2022-10-13
---
# Act 3, Episode 26
## The Patron of House Silmerhelve
The aged halfling butler of Roarke House, Madrak, doesn't so much as bat an eye when entire Quarantine Gang plus four disheveled servants from Talis the White's Hunting Lodge suddenly appear through the common room's teleportation circle. As the servants stare in wonder at the lavish furnishings, Hagar and Calcey take a moment to question them about their service to the cult, learning that they formerly served under one Lord Marsten of Parnast, slain by Talis the White several months prior. When Lord Renaer Neverember arrives, he greets the Gang and decides to offer the servants jobs in his own household.

The gang take a moment to catch up with Ren, who they have not seen since departing Waterdeep for the Carnath Roadhouse many weeks ago. Evidently, the strange earthquake that rocked Phlan was felt even in Waterdeep, where it has unnerved the populace and caused a spike in petty crime. Renaer has had his hands full trying to assemble a council of representatives from the Five Factions and other major parties across the Sword Coast, meeting with mixed success: delegates from Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter, and more are in the city, but the Harpers and Zhentarim are dragging their feet and the southern Realms are out of the picture. All that is poised to change, however, if the Gang will join the first meeting of the Council of Waterdeep. A date is set for tomorrow evening, Ches 19, at the Lord's Palace.

After a brief rest to bandage wounds and freshen up, the Gang venture to the nearby Ulbrinter Villa to rendezvous with Leosin Erlanthar and the other Harpers of Waterdeep. There they meet Remallia Haventree, High Harper of the Sword Coast, and explain the events of the past few weeks, including the recovery of the Scale of Tiamat and Black Dragon mask. After visiting Sirge Wintermelt and the HAWKs, the gang say their goodbyes and make their way to the Silmerhelve villa to investigate the circumstances in Peregrine's dream.

Though the staff is at first quite suspicious of the Gang, when Peregrine reveals that he is seeking the house's Patron, the group is granted entry. Guided down the imposing entrance hallway, Hagar spies a strange remote mountain vista in one of the mirrors lining the walls, while Peregrine witnesses a portrait morphing into the face of a noblewoman who seems to be staring down at him. In the lavishly furnished sitting room, their host Dala Silmerhelve demands a token of Bahamut's faith from Peregrine. Asking for a sign from his deity that will reveal the secret of the Silmerhelves, Peregrine bends down to pray and lets slip his coinpurse, which spills a pile of bronze coins onto the carpet.

Seeing this signal of Bahamut's intervention, Dala reveals what she knows of the strange disturbance felt across Faerun: it is the sound of the *Draakhorn*, an ancient and powerful artifact from the time of dragons. Designed to signal danger, its call will eventually reach all dragons, who sooner or later will feel its pull and be compelled to seek it out. Dala knows more, but is unwilling to deliver her message to anyone other than the Open Lord of Waterdeep, Lady Laeral Silverhand — a hard woman to reach. The Gang promise to see what they can do about granting an audience. Just as they are making ready to leave, the deep rumble of the *Draakhorn* again rocks the city of Waterdeep.


