---
act: 3
episode: 28
date: 2022-10-27
---
# Act 3, Episode 28
## Six Dudes and a Yo-Yo
In response to the summons of the First Council of Waterdeep, Ladies Saerista and Dala Silmerhelve continue to reveal what they know of the *Draakhorn*, the powerful artifact whose call rocked the North and called Dragons to war. Saerista, the matriarch of the family, explains that the one who knew most about the artifact was a Tiefling sorcereress of the Arcane Brotherhood named Maccath the Crimson, who has been missing in action for more than two years.

Maccath's research took her to the great Sea of Moving Ice, in pursuit of a dragon that had stolen arcane lore and items from the Hosttower of the Arcane in Luskan more than a century ago. Saerista identifies this vengeful white dragon as Arauthator, also known as Old White Death for his iron grip on the far North. Peregrine has a flash of insight, recalling that a letter the gang found in the wreckage of Skyreach Castle seemed to have been written by a cultist who was cooperating with Old White Death to secure an artifact of tremendous power.

After the Silmerhelves finish their testimony, Ontharr Frume of the Order of the Gauntlet puts forth a motion to set aside the matter of the *Draakhorn* and instead mount a direct assault on the Cult's stronghold before it can gather any more power. When the response to the motion is lukewarm, Calcey attempts to convince the Lord Protector of Neverwinter to commit some of his resources to the effort, but Dagult and most of the other delegates remain hesitant.

When the Gang describe their experience scrying on Talis the White, High Harper Remallia Haventree is able to corroborate the theory that the Cult is concentrating its forces at the Well of Dragons, in the Sunset Mountains. She offers a compromise — the Harpers will send scouts to the area around the Well so that the Council will not be going in blind. Frume and Marshal Ulder Ravengard of Baldur's Gate agree to muster their forces at Elturgard and await intelligence from the Harpers before riding East to the Sunset Mountains to confront the cult.

Returning to the matter of the *Draakhorn*, Open Lord of Waterdeep Laeral Silverhand forwards her own motion: the Quarantine Gang should be equipped with cold-weather gear and a reliable ship and crew in order to seek out the last known location of Maccath the Crimson in the Sea of Moving Ice. The motion passes unanimously, and Renaer promises to secure the resources for the journey. At the Gang's request, High Mage Araevin Teshurr agrees to contact them via *sending* should any important developments occur at the Second Council, if they are absent.

After the council adjourns, Hagar notes that Lady Saerista seemed to breathe in a strange way, as though occasionally forgetting how and when to move her body. Following up on a hunch, the gang return to the Silmerhelve villa in the North Ward with Araevin to confront both noblewomen. Lady Dala answers the door, but steadfastly refuses to provide Lady Saerista's whereabouts or any more information as to the source of her knowledge about the *Draakhorn*.