---
act: 3
episode: 32
date: 2022-11-26
---
# Act 3, Episode 32
## The First Bear
As Hagar and the village champion square off in the darkness and snow, Peregrine notices that the tattooed warrior seems unafraid but reluctant to fight. With words of encouragement from his friends, Hagar steps into the ring and quickly discovers his opponent is more than equal to the task. The champion bears down hard, using his hide shield to bash Hagar onto his back feet and making practiced, rapid strikes with his spear.

Focusing his attention on the champion's shield, Hagar is able to destroy it with a few well-places swings of the Shieldbiter Heirloom. With his favored weapon removed, the champion is less aggressive, instead opting to shove Hagar to the ground in order to create space for his spear attacks. As the fight wears on, Declan discovers that the gang have already wandered into the magical radius of the dragon's lair, making divination and teleportation spells risky. Moreover, the amount of food being preserved on racks around the village is far too great for the villagers to consume on their own.

With the two combatants now reeling from multiple blows, the fight is down to the wire, with blood spattered on the snow. Rebuffing the champion's desperate attempts to shove him down, Hagar drops his axe and delivers the knockout blow with a devastating punch. Healers rush in to work on the wounds of both the fighters. The village Chieftain explains, through Beauregard, that the promise of the shaman will be honored: they will be allowed to sleep in the village equipment shed and provided some food and bedding material. Hagar, however, will have an audience alone with Bonecarver the shaman.

In Bonecarver's hut, Hagar recognizes bone-binding techniques he has not seen since leaving his adoptive tribe. The shaman reveals that she has seen some of the same dreams that Hagar has: dreams of Magnar, the First Bear, sleeping for a thousand thousand years as a result of a conspiracy between the people of the earth and the other primal spirits to limit his power. When Hagar explains that the dragon god Tiamat may soon return to the material plane, Bonecarver asks if Hagar himself is the one appointed to wake Magnar and prevent this from happening. Once Hagar agrees, she reveals that Old White Death has oppressed the village for years, but that the Quarantine Gang may be the answer to their prayers.

In the corner of Bonecarver's hut is a tunnel into the ice, covered in whale bones and furs, which the shaman reveals to Hagar when he asks about sneaking up on Old White Death. The two perform a ritual of communion with the First Bear, in which Hagar asks three questions of his totem spirit. He learns that Maccath the Crimson is alive, that the _Draakhorn_ cannot be removed from Oyaviggaton, and finally that Magnar himself has set Hagar on his quest.