---
act: 3
episode: 35
date: 2022-10-15
---
# Act 3, Episode 35
## HUGE [magical] ICE GIANT DOMINATES small [submissive] MATURE halfing - ICE CASTLE [night]
As the Gang debate how best to handle the Ice Troll that awaits them just up the passageway to the empty room in the iceberg, Hagar whirls around to find that the Troll has already gotten their scent and is charging into battle! Pulling out the Shieldbiter Heirloom, the barbarian sends two mighty swings into the giant and is soon joined by Calcey, who ignites Harlequin and shoves it into the stomach of the attacking troll.

Finding itself suddenly on fire and grievously injured, the beleaguered troll lumbers past the rest of the gang and makes a dash for the hallway, but Peregrine stops it in its tracks with a *banishment* spell, giving everyone a second to gape in awe as the giant simply warps off into thin air. The gang take up arms around the troll's last position and await its return to the material plane.

Meanwhile, having heard the commotion, a crimson-clad tiefling woman appears at the entrance to the empty room, attended by two kobold guards. She demands to know who the party are and how they gained entrance to Oyavigatton. Declan manages to convey that their intentions are good, causing her to order the kobolds to stand down and invite him into her dwelling to discuss things further. At that moment, the troll returns to its former position and is promptly nailed to the wall and decapitated by Hagar and Calcey.

Dragging troll's remains up the ice passageway, the Gang follow Declan into Maccath the Crimson's chambers, which contain a curious longhouse-like structure formed from carpets and tapestries stretched over whalebone ribs. Inside are various bookstands, lecterns, and other pieces of furniture overflowing with arcane literature and tomes, as well as Maccath herself, the mysterious red-robed tiefling. Once everyone has found a seat on the carpeted floor, Maccath tells her story.

Like many precocious mages tired of hearing from others about what they were and weren't allowed to study, Maccath sought out the Arcane Brotherhood in Luskan out of a desire to pursue her interests without the burden of oversight. At the Tower of Arcane Might, she found many like-minded individuals, as well as a sampling of draconic lore that whetted her appetite...and pushed her to seek out more. After gaining entrance to Candlekeep, she confirmed her suspicions: Arauthator had robbed the Arcane Brotherhood of much of its valuables two hundred years prior, during an event known as the Rage of Dragons.

After tracking Old White Death to his iceberg lair, Maccath's companions were frozen or killed, but the dragon spared her when he realized she might prove useful. Arauthator's mate, Arveiaturace, was still grieving the death of her former master, a wizard whose body was still strapped to her back on a harness. Arauthator offered Maccath the opportunity to be her new master, in exchange for translating the magical scrolls from the Brotherhood that were beyond even his ability. Now the steward of some of the rarest knowledge in all Faerun, Maccath considers translating the scrolls her life's work and will not leave without them.

Pondering what knowledge the Brotherhood might offer the Quarantine Gang, Hagar and Declan ask Maccath whether she has ever encountered a mage by the name of Gensor. The name rings a bell, and the tiefling is able to produce an old volume of Brotherhood records that mentions Gensor as having once studied at the tower in Luskan. Apparently, his experiments attracted notice, even among the normally edgy Brotherhood mages, and he was exiled when his young apprentice disappeared under mysterious circumstances.

On a hunch, Declan asks whether the name of this apprentice, too, is recorded in the Brotherhood histories. It is: Eryn, the very name of the spirit in the book Declan carries. Withdrawing the magical book from his pack, Declan promises Eryn that the Gang will repay Gensor's cruelty to her and take their vengeance on the wizard who stole the best years of Calcey's life.


