---
act: 3
episode: 34
date: 2022-12-08
---
# Act 3, Episode 34
## The Record-Keepers
As the Quarantine Gang and their retinue make their way deeper into the Ice Caves of Oyaviggaton, the guide Rikbo grows increasingly agitated at the prospect of being discovered by the Ice Trolls or other denizens of the caves. To calm the frantic kobold, Peregrine gives him a "shield rock" which will protect him from harm. The Gang again send Calcey as a forward scout, creeping along the ceiling of the caves in search of what lies ahead.

As the ice passages wind upwards, Calcey spies a largely empty chamber with a ladder leading up through its roof, similar to the place where the gang initially entered the caves. In one corner, an Ice Hunter man is huddled, coughing and apparently alone. After a cautious encounter, Beauregard is able to translate for the Gang and reveal that Mend-nets, as he is called, has been quarantined here away from the rest of the villagers. When Peregrine expends a *lesser restoration* to cure his disease, Mend-nets enthusiastically accepts a Javelin from Hagar and pledges to follow the Gang as they make their way through the caves.

Outside the storeroom where Mend-nets was resting, the ice passage curves back downwards, towards the colder depths of Oyaviggaton. In the next room, the gang come face-to-face with a curious army of Ice Toads, intelligent frogs who seem to be totally absorbed in the task of recording records on stone tablets, parchment, and sheets of ice. Rikbo's anxiety gets the better of him, and the kobold stuffs his shield rock into his mouth in order to remain quiet, but the Ice Toads prove strangely unperturbed and nonviolent — especially once the Gang discover that they speak passable Draconic and Uluik.

Marfulb, the leader of the Ice Toads, is both extraordinarily cautious and brilliant for a member of her race. For four decades, she has served as the lead record-keeper of Arauthator's iceberg lair, cataloging every battle, every victory, and every coin stored here. The Ice Toads do not sound the alarm immediately, but they are reluctant to side with gang until Calcey pulls the Scale of Tiamat out of her Bag of Holding, stunning everyone in the icy chamber. Declan delivers an impassioned speech convincing Marfulb that, despite the long history of challengers being defeated by Arauthator, numbers are on the side of the Gang.

With the Ice Toads cautiously agreeing to lend their support, the Gang receive a wealth of information about the iceberg, including the layout of the upper chambers and the contents of each of its many rooms. There is good news and bad news — Maccath the Crimson remains on Oyaviggaton, and her residence is not far from their current location. However, the _Draakhorn_ — the ostensible target of the mission — is no longer on Oyaviggaton. Marfulb's records show that it was removed more than a month ago, but provide no other information. Declan muses aloud whether Arauthor himself might have had such information deliberately scrubbed from the record, a possibility that stuns the Ice Toads.

With their newfound knowledge of the Iceberg, the Gang make their way to Maccath the Crimson's chambers on the other side of the upper layer of Oyaviggaton, hoping to get more answers about the _Draakhorn_ and gather information that could help them avoid becoming another set of trophies for Old White Death. As they approach the Scriptorium where Maccath works, Calcey detects an Ice Troll standing guard just inside the empty chamber.


