---
act: 3
episode: 37
date: 2022-01-15
---
# Act 3, Episode 37
## Old, White, Dead
Just as the tide of the battle is beginning to turn against the dragon, Calcey manages to line up a shot with one of the _Arrows of White Dragon Slaying_ provided to the Gang by Maccath the Crimson. Despite the dragon's legendary resistance, the power of the arrow is enough to bring down proud old Arauthator, sending massive tremors throughout the iceberg and causing the remaining troll to flee in terror.

As massive chunks of ice break from the ceiling and rain down around the gang, Calcey shields Beauregard with her body, saving the life of the injured sailor. Mend-nets, the Ice Hunter warrior in the form of a Tyrannosaur, is unable to stand up in time to avoid being crushed by a huge chunk of ice, causing him to revert to human form before falling unconscious. Peregrine and the rest of the gang set off in pursuit of the fleeing Troll, thinking it may lead them to Arauthator's Hoard, while Hagar uses his bonfire spell to try to illuminate the vast depths of the Lair.

The fleeing Ice Troll, hounded by spellfire and javelins, retreats to its dirty cavern and hides in a bedroll, bringing the gang no closer to Arauthator's treasure. As ice continues to fall from the cavern roof, Declan transforms into a Giant Owl, making several daring flights to spirit everyone up and out of the cavern safely into the Scriptorium. Maccath the Crimson is nearly speechless at the news that her captor of two years, the terror of the Sea of Moving Ice, has been vanquished.

After plundering the treasure room on the upper floor of Oyaviggaton for as much as they can carry, the Gang reunite with those they left behind in the rope chamber and pay a visit to Marfulb and the Ice Toads. The solemn Toads decide to remain on Oyaviggaton to grieve the death of Arauthator while they consider their next move. Marfulb is able to identify some of the magical items looted from the dragon's hoard, and dutifully records them in the archives as the Gang emerge onto the surface.

In the Ice Hunter village, the mood is jubilant. Mend-nets is reunited with his family, and the Village chief extends heartfelt gratitude on behalf of all of the Ice Hunters who will no longer live in the shadow of Old White Death. The shaman, Bonecarver, takes Hagar into her hut to bestow a special boon given to her by the Primal Spirits, first gods of the natural world. This magical tattoo imbues Hagar with the power of the claws of Magnar, the First Bear.