---
act: 3
episode: 39
date: 2022-01-29
---
# Act 3, Episode 39
## Examination Inconclusive
Inside Gensor's former chambers in the Hosttower of the Arcane, Declan and Hagar ask Overwizard Jendrick the Green about the options available to them to grant Eryn a new body. Maccath mentions the possibility of creating a Homunculus, an extension of a Wizard's body, and attempting to imbue it with Eryn's spirit — a new twist on an old technique. Jendrick also alludes to the capability of the legendary *true resurrection* spell, which can restore even a completely destroyed body, but such a casting would be exorbitantly expensive even if one of the Overwizards were willing and able to do it.

In the room where Eryn's body was destroyed, Hagar finds a sheaf of notes that Declan scours for information about the process that left a disturbance in the Weave. Though fragmentary, the notes suggest that the Gatekeeper's Crystal was involved, raising the possibility that the ritual performed on Eryn was simply a more sustained and powerful version of the one that Gensor used on Calcey. Declan recalls the Gang's battle in the Groaning Cave of Evereska, where two unlucky Elves were killed in a ritual of *soultheft* that stole their life force in order to enable the manipulation of the Mythal.

Moving into Gensor's bedroom, Hagar and Declan turn the room over but come up empty. Jendrick, using his strange telescope apparatus, discovers a small engraved wooden box fashioned with a tiny lock underneath the ratty old mattress. Declan recognizes the glyph of a ship sailing in the sky on the top of the box as matching the label on the old bottles of wine in Denlor's cellar, but neither of the two Brotherhood mages can make anything else of the box. Jendrick resolves to visit the Archives on his own to see if any more information about the Crystal is stored there.

The group make their way up to Overwizard Nurthkov's chambers, where the examination of Calcey is proceeding. Declan reveals that Gensor's rooms contained a tear in the weave, a statement that stuns the Overwizards — both because it is highly unusual, and because it implies that Declan himself can see the Weave. After learning that Gensor may have used the Gatekeeper's Crystal on Eryn, they debate the implications of the same technique being used on Calcey. Meanwhile, Calcey examines the wooden box taken from under Gensor's mattress, concluding its tiny lock would hardly pose a challenge to her abilities.

Suspicious of the box, Peregrine begins casting *detect magic*, but before he can complete the ritual, Overwizard Nurthkov snatches the box from his hands angrily, demanding that it is by right the property of the Arcane Brotherhood. Declan intervenes to deliver Nurthkov and the Brotherhood an ultimatum: relinquish the box, or the stolen scrolls from Oyaviggaton will not be returned. Marveling at the Sorcerer's ambition, Overwizard Druette accepts the bargain on behalf of the Brotherhood on the condition that the Gang leave the tower as soon as possible. The examination of Calcey is over.

Making their way down to the archives in the company of Overwizard Teyva, Calcey and Hagar begin retrieving material from the Bag of Holding so that it can be reshelved. Meanwhile, Jendrick returns with some disturbing news: any books in the archive that might have contained information about the Gatekeeper's Crystal appear to be missing. The only volume with checkout records left in the ledger is a history of the Crown Wars, which was last checked out by Gensor himself around 40 years ago.

Giving their goodbyes to Maccath and Jendrick, who promise to look deeper into the troubling situation at the Hosttower, the Gang regroup to debate their next move. Contacting Archmage Araevin Teshurr with a *sending* spell, they request a meeting in friendly territory at Denlor's Tower in Phlan. Declan creates a teleportation circle and the Gang travel back to their headquarters in the Moonsea, where the *Seagull's Caw* and its crew may be able to take them to Mulmaster via sea.



