---
act: 3
episode: 36
date: 2022-12-31
---
# Act 3, Episode 36
## Arauthator's Abyss
In the Scriptorium of Oyaviggaton, Island of Eternity, Maccath the Crimson and the Quarantine Gang begin to lay bare the secrets of Eryn, the young bard whose spirit was bound into a book. This great injustice, perpetrated by the wizard Gensor, occurred at the Hosttower of the Arcane in Luskan, while both were members of the Arcane Brotherhood. When asked why she suffered such a fate, Eryn slowly reveals that she knew too much to be allowed to live — specifically, that Gensor had in his possession a shard of the infamous Gatekeeper's Crystal.

Recalling their time with Archmage Araevin Teshurr, who once hunted the shards of this powerful artifact, Maccath and the Gang search the material looted from the Hosttower of the Brotherhood for clues. Declan successfully retrieves a copy of *Beyond the Iron Gates*, a manual on demonic summoning that was consulted by the Red Wizards of Thay aboard Skyreach Castle but largely destroyed on impact. Within this fully intact copy are details about the ritual that could return Tiamat to the material plane — the massive human sacrifice that will open the door to the Nine Hells, followed by the magical raising of a temple to Tiamat herself that will summon her from her current imprisonment.

While Peregrine delves into the looted magical tomes, he manages to avoid being overcome by the deviously crafted magic that ensnares those who read them. Miraculously, Calcey also discovers a volume in the looted material that purports to describe the Gatekeeper's Crystal. Unaffected by the powerful magic but unable to read Elvish, the rogue passes the volume to Declan without batting an eye, shocking the arrogant Maccath. Inside are the writings of generations of Elvish scholars, who believe that the Crystal was forged during the Crown Wars between the Elves. Designed to alter and destroy elven portals and _Mythals_, it was a weapon of tremendous power with a built-in failsafe that would scatter its three shards across the multiverse each time its full power was activated.

After perusing the archives, Maccath reluctantly lends her support to the effort to drive off Old White Death, revealing that she has painstakingly crafted two *arrows of white dragon slaying* in secret. The price of her support is the protection of the Hosttower's materials, which the Gang cram into their Bag of Holding in preparation for exfiltration. Gathering their weapons, the Gang pause to strategize and send some of their followers to safety to await the aftermath of their battle with the dragon. Then, securing a rope system to the floor of the upper iceberg chambers, they descend into the dark and bitter cold of the lair, 75 downward at the floor of Oyaviggaton.

As soon as the adventurers emerge into the abyss of swirling fog and ice, they are discovered by an angry white dragon, whose roar shakes the foundations of the iceberg and summons his ice troll minions. Flying towards them, Arauthator unleashes a torrent of ice from his mouth and takes aim with tooth and claw, summoning blinding blizzards of snow. Calcey takes careful aim and fires back, landing an _arrow of slaying_ in the dragon's side just as it closes the gap. Meanwhile, Declan deftly transforms the Ice Hunter mend-nets and sailor Beauregard into Tyrannosaurs, who blunder their way into melee combat with the dragon.

Seeking a way into the air, Hagar takes a chance and sprints up the back of one of the dinosaurs, launching himself in a wild leap and plunging the Shieldbiter Heirloom into the dragon's side, hanging on for dear life. Just as the Tyrannosaurs begin to really tear into the dragon, two Ice Trolls emerge from the darkness of the lair, wading into battle with Calcey and Peregrine. The fight has begun in earnest, with both sides suffering heavy attrition. Who will be the first to yield?


