---
act: 3
episode: 38
date: 2022-01-22
---
# Act 3, Episode 38
## Vestiges of Evil
As the gang prepare to depart from the Island of Eternity, each one of them takes with them a souvenir of their first victory over an adult dragon. Declan leaves with the knowledge of what it means to be a hero, while Calcey experienced for the first time the protectiveness of a mother over her protege Beauregard. Hagar carries with him trophies cut from the dragon's body itself, while Peregrine keeps a memento of his onetime friend and guide — the "shield rock" he gave to Rikbo the kobold.

The longship _Frostskimmr_ slips back into the Sea of Moving Ice, and Peregrine contacts Archmage Araevin Teshurr via *sending* to deliver the news that Maccath has been recovered without the Draakhorn. The response from the Council reveals that the Cult appears to be entrenched in the Sunset Mountains with the help of chromatic dragons who answered their call, conducting raids on the Dusk Road with impunity. The Council's forces at Elturgard will be proceeding east to the caravan city of Scornubel to help it recover from the recent attack.

After two days of sailing, the longship and its crew arrive at the docks of Luskan, a hard-nosed city at the mouth of the river Mirar that is home to the Hosttower of the Arcane Brotherhood. Pirate raider ships line the harbor, while the city is a raucous and dirty mix of new construction and run-down shells of buildings. Declan pauses to verify that Eryn is comfortable with returning to the place where her soul was bound, but the book seems more than willing to press on.

At the entrance to the Hosttower, the Gang are acquainted with Jendrick the Green, Overwizard of the West, a wizened gnome whose robes seem to hold an endless supply of strange potions. The old mage leads them into town to discuss the matter of Maccath's return over lunch, where he explains that the Brotherhood is currently embroiled in a succession crisis: Nurthkov, former Red Wizard of Thay, is vying for the title of Archmage.

When the gnomish Overwizard learns that Gensor, former member of the Brotherhood, still lives and is assembling power in Mulmaster, he encourages the Gang to seek out and destroy the rogue wizard. Further, in exchange for the return of Maccath and the looted scrolls from the Hosttower, he is able to broker an agreement for the Gang to enter the tower in order to examine Gensor's former chambers, and to have the Overwizards themselves examine the victims of Gensor's magic — Calcey and Eryn.

After entering the Hosttower, Calcey and Peregrine are ushered up to Nurthkov's chambers by the Overwizards, who immediately begin their examination of Calcey. Calcey overhears the wizards whispering to each other about her condition, learning that — contrary to King Witchthorn's suggestion — it may be a permanent effect caused by a sort of draining of life force. Searching her memory in response to the questioning of the mages, Calcey suddenly recalls that the day Gensor took her youth, she was bound in an arcane circle inscribed in Elvish, and Gensor himself wielded an amulet holding a huge shard of crystal.

In the dungeons of the Hosttower, Declan and Hagar explore the former quarters of Gensor with Maccath and Jendrick. A deserted library and antechamber holds many books of arcane knowledge, including some in Elvish that purport to deal with the sensitive subject of Elven High Magic. Tucked amongst the books, Declan discovers Gensor's private journal, written in a cipher known only to the mage himself. In a side room off the main chamber, the group discover an experimentation room, where Declan's spellsight detects a sort of tear in the weave above a gurney. Surmising that this is the room where Eryn ultimately met her corporeal end, Declan carefully collects a small sample of her hair from the gurney in the hope that it can be used to give her a new body.
