---
act: 3
episode: 3
date: 2022-02-10
---
# Act 3, Episode 3
## The Moon Shines Twice
Arriving at the [Unicorn and Crescent Inn](../../locations/evereska/unicorn-and-crescent-inn.md), the gang meet the current steward of the ancient building, Mithriel. The current occupants of the inn are stunned to see the adventuring group appear, and Peregrine's attempts to make conversation with a student fall on uncomprehending ears.

While Mithriel fetches some of the local liquor, the gang debate the issue of Talis the White's continued ability to scry on them, electing to simply pretend that they have no idea where the Black Dragon Mask ended up. Mithriel tells them the story of the Unicorn and Crescent, which has been cared for by generations of stewards in the event that any [Harpers](../../factions/harpers.md) visited [Evereska](../../locations/evereska.md), though it now mostly functions as a sort of co-op and college bar.

Peregrine contacts the [Lord Sage of Phlan](../../npcs/lord-sage.md) via *sending* to inform him of the crash of Skyreach in [Evereska](../../locations/evereska.md) and to ask him to pass on information to the [Harpers](../../factions/harpers.md), which he promises to do. The gang reflect on the *Gatekeeper's Crystal*, which may be even more concerning than the Dragon Masks, though it's not clear that the [Cult](../../factions/cult-of-the-dragon.md) knows of its existence. Declan struggles to recall the details of the conversation he overheard on the castle, but can't remember whether the [Red Wizards](../../factions/red-wizards-of-thay.md) had any knowledge of the crystal either.

Finding some reasonably well-kept rooms in which to bed down, the gang get their first full night's rest in some time. Early the next morning they are awoken by the arrival of [Captain Darthammel](../../npcs/rhaellen-darthammel.md), who has been dispatched by [Tomb Master Colbathin](../../npcs/kinyon-colbathin.md) to escort them down to the wreck of Skyreach.

Donning blindfolds once again, the gang take The Passage down into the Vine Vale and get an up-close look at the wreck of the castle. The lower deck has nearly disintegrated, but the central iceberg core and upper deck are mostly intact and haven't yet been breached by the Vale Guards. Declan convinces Trueshot to allow the gang to investigate some of the rooms on the lower deck before helping the soldiers explore elsewhere.

In Wyrmspeaker Rezmir's former quarters, the gang are able to recover very little from the charred wreckage. Peregrine finds a note written by another cultist to Rezmir that by turns praises the power of Skyreach and gloats that the author has acquired an artifact of comparable value: something brought from the far North at great cost with the help of an "Old White Death", an unfamiliar epithet to the party.

In the rooms of the Red Wizards, Hagar retrieves half of an evil-looking tome written in a language no one can read. Underneath a mess of animal skulls, Peregrine comes up with a scroll of *dimension door*. The group exit the room and peek into another room that survived the fall, discovering a macabre scene with the bodies of two stone giants who did not live through the impact.