---
act: 3
episode: 30
date: 2022-11-10
---
# Act 3, Episode 30
## Shark Week
As _Frostskimmr_ spends its first nice hauled onto the ice, the Quarantine Gang reflect on the items that remind them of home, now hundreds of miles away. The Northern Lights put on a show for Captain Half-Face and the crew, who rig their simple shelters over the deck of the ship and try to keep warm in the polar night.

Morning brings a treacherous journey through ice canyons. Atop the mast, Calcey sights something strange in the water pursuing the boat. Just as she shouts a warning, something shoves the ship from underneath, tossing Hagar and Peregrine into the freezing waters along with several crew members. Three dark shapes emerge from the depths: scrags, aquatic trolls that are at home in the water and looking for an easy meal.

Seeing Hagar and Peregrine thrashing about in the frigid water, Declan quickly fires off a twinned   _polymorph_ to turn the two into giant sharks, and lashes himself to the mast. Calcey puts a crossbow bolt through the neck of one of the Scrags and clambers down the mast just in time to come face-to-face with another horrid-looking giant as it leaps onto the deck, skewering the crew. Shouting the sword's command word, Calcey quickly runs it through with _Harlequin_ in a blast of fire.

Meanwhile, Hagar and Peregrine's shark instincts take over, as a bloodbath quickly erupts and the polar waters are churned with thrashing fins and gnashing teeth. Calcey tosses a rope to the crewmen who are still in the water, allowing them to pull themselves to safety. Captain Half-face fetches a harpoon gun from the ship's deck and puts a six-foot harpoon through the shoulder of one of the Scrags menacing Declan, laughing wildly as he does so.

Unwilling to be eaten alive by the sharks, the Scrags eventually make their exit, but not before Declan slings a _fire bolt_ that brings down the most injured of the three at long range. Hagar's great white shark quickly consumes the remains of the troll before they can sink deeper into the dark water. The crew of _Frostskimmr_ mourns its losses, while the survivors patch their wounds. Captain Half-face approvingly notes the contribution of the sharks.

After cooking a long-awaited celebratory dinner of steak for the crew of _Frostskimmr_, Calcey is the first to notice a huge dark shape come into view from her post atop the mast as the last rays of sunlight are beginning to fade into arctic night. Oyaviggaton, the island of eternity, stretches out before the ship — fully a mile long and nearly as wide, its flat-topped surface dotted with small structures and a huge spike of ice at the far end. The search is over.