---
act: 3
episode: 33
date: 2022-12-01
---
# Act 3, Episode 33
## Like Fish in a Barrel
Once reunited with the rest of the Quarantine Gang, Hagar attempts to convey the gravity of what he has learned from the Ice Hunter shaman Bonecarver. Though the feeling is difficult to put into words, it's clear that contact with the First Bear has validated some feelings that the Barbarian has been having for a long time. The fact that Bonecarver seems to have been experiencing visions familiar to Hagar for years only adds to this sense of destiny. Some of the Gang are skeptical of the influence of Magnar, but willing to evaluate it as a potential hedge against the power of Tiamat.

After passing the night in the Ice Hunter shelter, the group reconvene at Bonecarver's hut to plan their journey into the ice caves. There they learn that the dragon Arauthator was last seen several days ago entering what is presumed to be his lair deep inside Oyaviggaton, and likely lingers there with full knowledge of their arrival. Roping themselves together and scrounging up some caving equipment, the group descend into the slippery ice stairwell that winds down from Bonecarver's hut into the maze of caves inside the iceberg.

As the trip down the ice chute becomes more and more perilous, drifting fog from further down into the caves starts to obscure visibility. Hagar nearly tumbles down into the ice, but manages to bite his axe into the wall and hold on. When Calcey pitches forward into empty air, Declan thinks quickly and punches the rogue with a _spider climb_ spell, granting her incredible grip powers that she proceeds to put to good use as a forward scout on the cave's ceiling. The bottom of the chute proves largely empty, terminating in a room with some disused baskets, though one contains the remnants of a stash looted from the dragon's hoard.

Calcey takes a stroll along the ceiling into the meandering pathways of the ice caves, discovering a room where Kobold servants of Arauthator are passing the time sleeping, eating, and amusing themselves. Reversing direction, she discovers another chamber shrouded in fog where a few more Kobolds seem to be polishing the mirror-slick walls of ice. Arming themselves with grappling hooks, caltrops, and anything else that can be used to spike into the ice, the group barrel down the passageway and surprise the terrified kobolds, hacking them to pieces and taking a single hapless servant prisoner.

Once the gang get a better look at the room they're in, it becomes evident that they've stumbled into Arauthator's ice-bound trophy case. Several huge frost giants, entombed in ice, bear the scars of pitched battle with the dragon. Further back, looming in the fog, are different and unfamiliar giant types who also fell prey to Old White Death. Taking all of this in, the Gang demand to know whether their prisoner Rikbo has seen Maccath the Crimson, the sorcerer who supposedly sought the Draakhorn inside Arauthator's lair. The answer is yes — the kobold, fearing retribution for some imagined slight against the dragon, promises to lead them straight to Maccath herself.



