---
act: 3
episode: 31
date: 2022-11-17
---
# Act 3, Episode 31
## Away Team
As _Frostskimmr_ approaches Oyaviggaton, the Gang prepare to go ashore. Declan learns a few phrases in Uluik from Beauregard, while Calcey recruits a cash-hungry member from among the crew to provide backup manpower on the iceberg. When the longship draws close enough to spot an ice shelf at the water's surface, closer inspection reveals it's full of hundreds of bones long ago picked clean — some large enough to be from whales. Captain Half-Face and Hagar conclude that whatever giant predator left the bones, it was happy preying on whale and human alike.

Calcey arms Beauregard with her hand crossbow and the six intrepid explorers use the remainder of the day's feeble light to board the iceberg. The rogue quickly spots a gap in the solid ice, revealing a staircase that winds upwards, narrowing as it goes. At the top of the stairs, snow swirling around them, the party comes upon a huge wall of solid ice. Encased within are the corpses of several foreign sailors and ice hunters alike, all in poses of terror, clearly left as a grisly warning.

With no light left and near-blizzard conditions surrounding them, the group contemplate their options to stay out of the cold. Hagar attempts to summon a totem companion, but is overcome by visions in which he sees a tattooed Ice Hunter woman casting divination bones, gaining the peculiar sense that she is in that very moment not far away from him. As the six press on into the cold and dark, they soon become aware that they are not alone: several hunting dogs have found them, circling just outside the range of their torchlight.

Proceeding cautiously so as not to alarm the dogs, Hagar eventually leads the group into a standoff with several Ice Hunters, including the woman he saw in his vision. The chieftain of the village speaks with Beauregard, warning the group to leave immediately. When Calcey and others press Beauregard to question the Chieftain about Maccath the Crimson, describing the tiefling, it's clear that at least some of the hunters know more than they are letting on — but no one is talking.

Hagar acts on an instinct and speaks the Druidic language, cracking the ice below his feet. This immediately gains the attention of the woman from the vision, who overrules the chieftain to make the group an offer: a content of strength with the village's champion. The terms are thus: if the Gang's champion is victorious, they will be allowed to be guests in the village for the night, and the shaman will answer their questions. If the village's champion is victorious, the Gang must give over all their steel weapons and leave Oyaviggaton — immediately.



