---
act: 3
episode: 42
date: 2022-02-19
---
# Act 3, Episode 42
## Davy Jones' Locker
The _Seagull's Caw_'s second day of travel on the Moonsea opens with a clear morning, but a thick fog soon rolls in to envelop the ship and its crew. Thanks to quartermaster Peregrine's _daylight_ spell and course plotting, Captain Hagar is able to avoid any collisions and steer the ship through the fog without incident.

That afternoon, the fog subsides, and the crew enjoy a brief respite from the action. The calm is pierced by calls of "fire!" from belowdecks, as Arvin and Harumbr rush up from the hatch, with one of the dwarves aflame. Calcey, in the neighboring kitchen compartment, sprints abovedecks to grab water and immediately begins to toss it onto the blaze before it can consume too much of the ship's food supply. Hagar orders everyone belowdecks to put out the fire, and First Mate Declan manages to command the crew to obey.

When the fire reaches a sack of flour, an explosion rocks the compartment, but Peregrine is able to quell the flames shortly thereafter with a _control water_ spell, even as he patches up the two dwarves on the main deck. With a few scrapes and bruises and a cargo of sodden food to show for their efforts, the crew of the _Seagull's Caw_ manage to put out the fire without further incident.

As night falls, another storm rolls in. Just as the sea begins to toss angrily, Calcey sights the ships of the blockade line from atop the mast. Declan decides to use _seeming_ to transform the crew into appearing as Mulman soldiers, but Calcey's memory of the soldier's outfits is poor, so the gang opt for a different strategy. The plan is to pose as a delegation sent to Phlan to ensure that Lord Regent Brahms joined the Moonsea league, but that ultimately left emptyhanded having lost most of their uniforms gambling.

A Mulman brig with a boarding party of soldiers and a mysterious cloaked woman approaches within hailing distance of the _Seagull's Caw_, demanding the ship prepare to be boarded. Declan's story ultimately seems to convince the boarding party of soldiers and customs inspector, but just as they are preparing to search the hold, the Brotherhood of the Cloak mage uses a _detect magic_ spell and discovers the illusion affecting the crew. Calcey's first instinct is to take one of the soldiers hostage and attempt to negotiate, but when the Cloak orders the soldiers to attack, all hell breaks loose.

Calvin and the crew make for the hatches, while Declan uses his _robe of stars_ to hurl clouds of magic missiles at the soldiers, searing their thick plate armor and unerringly finding targets. Hagar activates his spirit tattoo and charges after the Cloak, pursuing her across the gangplank to the Mulman ship and using his primal claws to tear her body in half, terrorizing the crew of Mulman sailors. As the soldiers aboard the _Seagull's Caw_ begin to suffer casualties, the inspector orders a retreat to the safety of his ship. No sooner does he make it across the gap then Hagar's claws come for him as well.

Pulling up their ropes in a desperate attempt to flee, the Mulman crew set the two ships pulling away from each other on the rough seas. Vaulting over the distance to the other ship, Hagar doggedly pursues the remaining soldier but loses his footing on shifting, rain-slicked deck. Peregrine again uses _control water_ to summon a great wave that lifts up the brig and smashes her into the side of the _Caw_, tearing a huge hole in the larger ship's hull that immediately begins to take on seawater.

Hagar is ejected by the impact of the ship into the air over the _Caw_. Declan morphs Calcey into an Eagle in an attempt to snare the barbarian before he can be tossed into the sea, but the attempt is too slow, and the cold waters of the Moonsea briefly swallow Hagar. Swimming back to the edge of his ship, the Captain clambers out of the frigid water just in time to witness the brig upended vertically, her few remaining crew clinging to the bow. None survive to tell this tale but the crew of the _Seagull's Caw_.