---
act: 3
episode: 49
date: 2023-05-16
---
# Act 3, Episode 49
## I'm From The Streets
While Hagar catches up on his beauty sleep, the remaining members of the Gang make their way down to the Banquet Hall of the Tower of the Blades in the company of Salvar Brix, where the party is getting under way. Barthmolosquire sidles up to First Lord Maalthiir of Hillsfar, who is lecturing Lord Demetrius Saj about the necessity for strict border controls. Maalthiir seems to wholeheartedly endorse Mulmaster's current tough-on-crime policies, while Lord Saj prefers to stay out of politics and stick to his specialty: shipbuilding, including the _Lady Dmitra_. Declan offer to assist Demetrius with a delicate matter involving his daughter, while inquiring amiably about the top-secret features of the new Mulman flagship.

Meanwhile, Lady Calcifer observes the elderly Countess Wilhelmina Coldshore stealthily shoveling food into her leather handbag. After introducing herself, the thief learns that the Countess holds a generally low opinion of the moral caliber of the noblemen of the current era, most especially her bumbling grandson Brandis. When the Countess casually admits she personally attended the revelry in the Tower's dungeons, Calcey sees an opportunity and promises the services of Donggar as a personal trainer for Brandis in exchange for a tour of the now-abandoned Palace of Revels.

At the banquet tables, Father Gareth Braun finds Hal Nanther of Melvaunt tucking into a roast chicken with gusto. Peregrine recognizes Hal's son Devon as Aya Glenmiir's former and final student, before his family withdrew him from study, although Devon and his bodyguard don't seem to recognize the disguised cleric. Hal speaks openly about his travel to Mulmaster as Melvaunt's representative in the Moonsea League, and asks Father Braun frankly if he might be able to arrange an audience with Khazark Tola Zurn, in order to broker an agreement to export Melvaunt's Iron to Thay.

Declan confronts the young Lord Harlan Stowe in front of two of his admirers, causing a battle of words that escalates until Harlan retreats out into the gallery, where the two trade insults and Harlan seems to admit his increasing interest in Declan's magical robe. The young lord brashly claims that any tailor in Mulmaster who could have made such a thing must be known to his family, who are importers and workers of fur, but Declan refuses to identify himself and doggedly insists that Harlan stay away from Lady Leah Saj. Harlan storms off, fuming. In return for a sober assessment of Harlan's shortcomings, Demetrius Saj admits to Declan that one of the most impressive features of the _Lady Dmitra_ is her brig — a steel-walled sanctum capable of imprisoning up to 20 men at once, with unparalleled security features for a floating prison.

Meanwhile, Peregrine fails to extract a trade agreement from Khazark Zurn, but learns that the Thayan leadership is evidently well aware of the separatists working with the Cult of the Dragon, who lost their leadership at Skyreach Castle but have not been completely eliminated. Lady Calcifer and Donggar do their utmost to help the beleaguered Brandis Coldshore with a well-intentioned proposal — including supplying the ring — but Harlan arrives just in time to sweep Jenna away from the three into the ballroom for a dance.

High Blade Jaseen Drakehorn arrives late, making an announcement that the Moonsea League compact has officially been signed by all the city-states of the Moonsea. Lady Alicia Milinal of Zhentil Keep and Father Braun wonder aloud how this could be possible, given no representative from Phlan has been announced — and Watchmaster Gareth Blackturret of Thentia is not in attendance. Lady Milinal privately suspects the Moonsea League is more nefarious than it seems, but Peregrine shatters her expectations by explaining Gensor's sordid history. The young protectress is pessimistic about the hopes of the smaller cities of the Moonsea, but willing to meet with the Lord Regent of Phlan despite their odds. With the deck stacked against them, could the forces of good in the Moonsea call on the services of the Iron Tiger?




