---
act: 3
episode: 48
date: 2023-05-09
---
# Act 3, Episode 48
## No Business, Only Pleasure
With the help of Salvar Brix, the Gang transform themselves into the image of wealth and power, acquiring noble names and roles for their entrance into the Tower of the Blades. In order to outfit the Gang with new clothes, Calcey pays a visit to a famous clothier and promises some gourmet food service in exchange for a discount. Assuming the identity of one Lady Calcifer the Wise, she gather the rest of the party around her as suitors — the dashing Barthmolosquire Featherbottom, the renowned duelist Donggar Biqthmas, and the pious Father Gareth Braun.

When the party are greeted by the security detachment at the Tower, their deception is put to the test. The guards decide to verify the group's connections to the Brix family, but Barthmolosquire smooth-talks his way past the initial red tape. After gaining entrance to the building, a fracas ensues in which several people are stabbed and one of the guards is killed, but father Braun somehow manages to offer a poignant eulogy that placates the remaining soldiers. Lady Calcifer passes off Donggar's obvious black eye by explaining that the duelist offended her with an impudent comment.

After arriving in the impressive Great Corridor, with its high-vaulted ceiling of marble and many stained glass windows depicting Mulmaster's history, the Gang pressure Salvar for information on the location of the pleasure chambers rumored to exist beneath the Tower. The young nobleman claims he doesn't know the way to the old complex, and seems to be telling the truth, but is willing to guide the party to his suite so that they can clean up and assess their next move.

In the Brix family chambers, the Gang meet Eloise Brix, widower and matriarch of the family, who is surprised but inwardly delighted to see her only son returned from his weeks of moping outside the Tower. Eloise tells the group that a party is to be thrown that very evening at which none other than High Blade Drakehorn will herself be in attendance, in addition to dignitaries of the various Moonsea League signatories and various other notable persons besides. She informs her son in no uncertain terms that his attendance is required.

Lady Calcifer and Madam Brix commiserate about the untimely deaths of their respective husbands, while the handsome Barthmolosquire gently inquires about the rumored old days in which the Blades conducted their secret dealings in the Palace of Revels. While Eloise recalls the era of revels — just a few years ago — with some distaste, she is sympathetic to Sir Featherbottom's argument that history must be preserved, and manages to recall that many of the Blades used coded phrases like "going to study magic" and "visiting the library" when they discussed their travels to the tower's dungeons.



