---
act: 3
episode: 46
date: 2023-04-25
---
# Act 3, Episode 46
## The Rending Talon
While still disguised as Mulman soldiers, the Gang break into the safe on the upper floor of Southroad Keep. Calcey finds the large combination lock surprisingly easy to pick, but thanks to Declan's spellsight the Gang realize that the safe was warded with a spell that has already alerted its caster to the fact that it has been breached. Inside is a single item: a velvet pouch containing a six-inch lens with a curious oily sheen to its outer surface.

Picking up Hagar on their way out and dropping their disguises, the Gang examine the lens in more detail. More than just magnifying objects, it seems to have the ability to magnify arcane spells and magical effects, distorting the threads of the weave and making far-away items seem to sparkle with detail. A debate ensues about whether to return the lens to Leon, or to set off in search of the others that it arrived with in Mulmaster. Eventually, the gang decide to seek out The Finger in the hope of gaining more information.

Leon Revenmar does not appear to be present at the shop he maintains inside the large, run-down building in the south docks. After venturing deeper into the shop and finding a plethora of odd tools and garbage, Calcey discovers a strange brew left behind by the eccentric Half-Orc and determines that he has not been gone more than a few hours. Using the liquid remaining in the cup, Peregrine scries on Leon and is surprised to find the locksmith bound and gagged on a decaying couch somewhere underground, guarded by a shadowy lizard-like humanoid figure.

No sooner do the Gang exit the building than they find themselves suddenly surrounded by hooded thugs blocking their way. Rending Talon Groshin Lor of the Hawks of Mulmaster steps forward to demand the return of the lens, unleashing a spell that Declan manages to deftly counter before it can break over the heads of the Gang. Thinking quickly, Declan creates a cloud of _sickening radiance_ between the Gang and their pursuers and darts back into the building.

Inside, the Gang frantically scour Leon's workshop for any secret passages or ways out of the building. Meanwhile, the crossbow-wielding thugs attempt to smash their way in, shooting anyone in their path. Finding no entrance to the sewers, the Gang emerge from the shop just in time for two thugs to fire a barrage of bolts in their direction. Hagar elects to create a new exit by  smashing through the wall of the building, emerging into the alleyway to find another shocked thug reloading his crossbow.

As the Gang scramble out into the street through the gaping hole in the wall, their attackers regroup on the other side of the building behind Groshin, who unleashes a rain of fire on the party along with a _counterspell_ of his own. Trained to fire on melee combatants, Groshin's Hawk guards let fly a hail of bolts from their heavy crossbows, while Hagar closes into melee range and activates his tattoo to assault Groshin with eldritch claws. The situation slowly devolves into a desperate street fight, with both sides taking heavy attrition.

Without warning, an invisible presence seems to materialize next to the crossbow-wielding Hawks, rain streaming around its hulking shape. In a matter of seconds, the two assassins are torn into ribbons as the hidden attacker moves with inhuman speed. Whatever magic keeps it hidden seems to flicker and snap, throwing off glimpses off a half-human, half-machine hybrid with spindly metal legs and a bulging torso: the Iron Tiger. As the thing comes within spitting distance of Hagar, for a split second the barbarian gets a glimpse of a face twisted in rage and crowned with a wisp of black hair — the wreckage of a person who feels somehow familiar.




