---
act: 3
episode: 45
date: 2023-04-18
---
# Act 3, Episode 45
## Extremely Personal Business
Following the lead given to them by "The Finger", the Gang arrive at Southroad Keep, the massive stone edifice that serves as a combination prison, courthouse, armory, and tax collection center for the city of Mulmaster. The road to the keep is choked with petitioners, criminals awaiting trial, and other citizens queued up to enter the building. The gang debate their options for slipping past the line and gaining a quiet entrance.

Hagar withdraws to the shadows of a nearby greenspace to call upon a totem companion, but is overwhelmed by a vision in which the frostbitten figure from his dreams gazes upon a snow-covered city inside a dome-like bubble of magic. Declan decides to use a _polymorph_ spell to transform Calcey into a rat, which succeeds in getting her inside the second floor of the building but nearly results in catastrophe when a clerk is frightened by the rodent scurrying up the stairs.

On the third floor, Calcey observes a large bank of promising-looking wooden storage lockers and narrowly avoids being hit with a broom wielded by another office worker before slipping out through the front. Back in the entrance line and returned to her halfling form, the rogue strikes up a conversation with the group of sailors ahead of the party, and scores some pipeweed of questionable quality. The gang decide to pose as an adventuring party seeking to resolve a dispute with a noble employer.

After being escorted in by a magistrate, the party consent to be registered with the city as an adventuring group, but provide false names for the records. Declan surreptitiously glances at the clerk's book and is surprised to see a recent entry in which none other than senior cloak Thurndan Tallwand appears to have engaged the services of another adventuring party, numbering five members.

Casting about for a noble name who might have paid the Gang, Calcey comes up with the Brix family, which seems to make sense to the magistrate. Once it's established that one Salvar Brix is the party's patron, the magistrate asks for a soldier to accompany the gang. Declan — alias "Barthmolosquire" — manages to imply that the matter needs to be resolved exceedingly carefully, and without the presence of law enforcement. Meanwhile, Hagar — alias "Chunk" — throws a fit that demands the full attention of the watchmen. The other three members of the party slip into a deserted courtroom and take on the appearance of soldiers using a _seeming_ spell.

Ascending to the third floor, the disguised party members promptly cause a panic by asserting their intention to scour the floor for the presence of plague rats. With most of the clerks having fled, the party split up to look for any signs of the lens. On a desk, Peregrine finds two shipment manifests — one listing the lenses and their destination, and another mentioning a magical item referred to as a "lorica". Both manifests were marked care of the same person: senior cloak Thurndan Tallwand.

Meanwhile, Calcey quickly discovers another desk on which a report has been filed describing the arrest of the Hangmen who attempted to steal the lenses upon their arrival at the Mulmaster docks. Although most of the gang members seem to have been sent to the prison in the basement of Southroad, the leader's profile bears a stamp that reads "prisoner diversion program". Following the trail back to the storage lockers, the rogue pops open a lock and is greeted by a formidable-looking metal safe nearly as tall as she is.




