---
act: 3
episode: 44
date: 2022-03-05
---
# Act 3, Episode 44
## Meeting Mister Violence
Enjoying a sumptuous breakfast buffet at the Traveller's Cloak inn, the Gang take in their surroundings: a mix of Mulman soldiers, dignitaries, foreign merchants, and other wealthy clientele fill the large common room. On his way back from the breakfast table, Declan steals a look at a soldier's notebook and discovers a letter indicating that the Navy seems to have attributed the two lost blockade ships to rough seas, but the investigation is ongoing.

Peregrine notices a man strategically situated at a rear table with strange markings under his eyes who appears to be a conduit for information. Slipping off to the washroom, he uses a _clairvoyance_ spell to overhear a conversation between a halfling and the strange man where the former inquires about moving a lens between Southroad Keep and a place called the Palace of Revels. Meanwhile, Declan uses _detect thoughts_ and discovers that the two are members of the Hangmen — and, most confusingly, that the strange man's mind seems to be _shared_ with another distant presence.

In a flash of inspiration, Peregrine slips off to the washroom and steals a servingman's uniform in order to get closer to the strange man's table, successfully carrying away a half-eaten sandwich belonging to the halfling messenger. Declan cloaks the gang in an _invisibility_ spell and they set off in pursuit of the Hangmen agent, following him on a long path that leads them across most of the city to the old Zhent quarter. Peregrine notes that this poor area seems to have been devastated by a catastrophic event more recently, with large swaths burned down and abandoned.

The trail eventually leads the gang to a semi-abandoned house, where Calcey and Peregrine slip inside and discover an elderly dwarven women keeping vigil in a ruined kitchen by candlelight. Peregrine nearly gives the game away, but Calcey is able to distract her with a well-placed coin and the two slip through a door and down a passageway that leads into the sewers. Discovering that Mulmaster's sewers are vast and complex, and having lost sight of their target, Calcey and Peregrine elect to slip back up through the house and rejoin their compatriots.

Before the Gang leave the Zhent quarter, Declan notices the symbol of the Hangmen painted onto the wall of the house, again augmented with paint in the form of an eye. Peregrine uses the half-eaten sandwich as a scrying focus, and is treated to a confusing vision of the Halfling traversing chamber after chamber below the surface by torchlight. Occasionally, the messenger passes through large rooms full of dust-covered finery, until the vision finally fades, leaving the Gang no closer to his ultimate destination.

Resolving to pay a visit to "The Finger", Calcey's old associate, the gang return to the south waterfront and enter the run-down building that serves as his abode and shop. Leon Revenmar has aged poorly, but after Calcey explains her situation he reveals he still holds some fondness for his old partner in crime. From Leon, the Gang learn the identity of the strange man at the Traveller's Cloak: Groshin Lor, one of the Hawks of Mulmaster, and the same man who neglected to give Leon his cut of a deal in which the Hangmen were apprehended attempting to steal rare lenses from the docks of Mulmaster.

Calcey gives her old friend a sum of cash to get himself cleaned up, and the two strike a deal. In exchange for tracking down the lenses seized in the heist at the docks, where the leader of the Hangmen was apprehended, Leon will trade the Gang a piece of information: the location of the Heart of Thay, a priceless ruby that was the dowry of a Thayan princess. Calcey possessed the gem for one brief night, but lost it after a bout of heavy drinking and has not seen it since. The old Orc will tell what he knows in order to get himself a new lens for his workbench.