---
act: 3
episode: 43
date: 2023-02-26
---
# Act 3, Episode 43
## Shore Leave
With the remains of the Mulman brig vanished beneath the waves, the captain Hagar orders that lights be extinguished and the crew prepare for a swift battle if they are again challenged by any ships of the blockade. Still covered in blood and seawater, the captain's anger frightens his crew, so First Mate Declan attempts to smooth things over. Despite their careful efforts, the beam of light from Mulmaster's lighthouse illuminates the ship's sail, and the _Caw_ is soon pursued by another of the blockade ships.

Still in giant eagle form, Calcey circles the ship, waiting for an opportune moment to strike. As the soldiers are preparing to board, Declan cries out that the ship is under attack from the sky, unnerving the sailors. Creating an illusion of a second giant eagle, the Gang confuse and distract the boarding party, but fail to turn away the Cloak, who ejects a _fireball_ directly at Calcey. Peregrine responds with a _banishment_ spell, depriving the unit of its spellcaster, while Hagar destroys the gangplank and rips the two ships apart.

Responding to their Captain's orders to leave no witnesses, the crew of the _Caw_ go on the offensive. Declan blasts the Mulman ship with his own _fireball_, while Hagar creates a bonfire on deck and Peregrine takes aim with the ship's remaining mounted weapon. Caught in the crossfire, Calcey is momentarily knocked out of her eagle form and surrounded by angry Mulman soldiers. Before they can finish her off, Declan uses a _hypnotic pattern_ to entrance the remainder of the ship's crew, and Hagar rains down ice and hail using a _wand of winter_. Rudderless and uncrewed, the ship heels over in the heavy weather and begins to sink.

The _Seagull's Caw_ slips past the great lighthouse at the entrance to the Bay of Mulmaster to get her first look at the City of Danger. Great towers of the noble residences twinkle with light high up in the hills, while the docks are a hive of activity even at night, glittering with torches and oil lamps and swarming with sailors. Flush with coin, dockworkers mill in and out of bars, while foreign traders unload their wares and marshal groups of chained galley slaves.

Pulling into a slip in the south docks, Calcey hands Declan a few coin as a bribe for the customs officer, but the money turns out not to be necessary, and the inspection is perfunctory. Inquiring about the giant black ship that he noticed moored in the north shipyard, Declan is told by a sailor that it's the new Mulman flagship _Lady Dmitra_, recently returned from sea trials. The Gang provide captain Calvin and the crew a store of coin in order to repair and upgrade their ship and disembark.

A few hundred feet from the docks, Calcey finds one of her old haunts the same as she left it: the Rusty Chock, a cheap bar for down-and-out sailors in the Docks Quarter. Proprietor Benkin Rould is more than astonished to see the elderly halfling, who he had assumed dead after parting ways with her at one of the lowest points in her life. Clearing the bar so that the Gang can speak in private, Benkin admits he's done his best to keep prying eyes away from Calcey's old hideout but isn't sure how safe the sewers are these days.

Down a manhole secured by a rusted lock, the Gang find Calcey's old safe house — a secluded chamber off of the main sewer with better-than-average ventilation. Yet a strange, disgusting smell still lingers here, along with evidence that the place was recently occupied: the lock on Calcey's chest has been picked, and the sorcerer and rogue discover an emblem painted on the wall that has been augmented with dried blood. Calcey recalls the symbol of the Hangmen, a Zhent-associated gang, but can't figure out why blood was used to add an eye to their signature mark.

Back at the Chock, Benkin spreads some coin around and gets the liquor flowing. Over a bottle of nicer grog, he confides that most of the criminal elements common to his and Calcey's old circle seem to have been hauled off to Southroad Keep to face justice and simply disappeared. The Hangmen are largely the only gang in town, but Benkin discounts the possibility of their having an arrangement with the authorities on account of a bust that occurred a few months ago where the leader of the gang was taken away. No one knows who runs the Hangmen now.

In response to Declan's query about places to spend the night, Benkin recommends the upscale Traveller's Cloak, if the party have coin to spend, as it often hosts important and influential members of the Soldiery or even nobility. Before the group leave, Benkin whispers a tale of a strange crime-fighting entity called the Iron Tiger who has recently taken to stalking the Docks Quarter. The old dwarf also extracts a promise from Calcey to check up on their mutual friend, The Finger, who seems to be drinking especially heavily of late.