---
act: 3
episode: 40
date: 2022-02-05
---
# Act 3, Episode 40
## Opportunistic Employers
Shortly after arriving in Denlor's Tower, the Gang are greeted by the perenially grumpy Ali. Declan casts _private sanctum_ to ensure their conversation with Archmage Teshurr will not be overheard, while Peregrine takes a private moment in Denlor's chambers to pray for Bahamut's intervention in restoring Calcey's lost years.

When Ali reveals that an armored woman came by the tower recently, the Gang assume this must be Captain Aleyd Burral — a quick _sending_ confirms that Aleyd stopped by the tower in hopes of inviting the Gang to dinner with Lord Regent Brahms. Hagar and Peregrine visit Aleyd at the Stojanow Gate to accept the invitation in person, promising to assist the Lord Regent with his political woes now that they've returned to Phlan.

Archmage Teshurr arrives shortly after, and the group discuss the infamous Gatekeeper's Crystal. Araevin wonders why Gensor seemingly has not yet obtained the other shards of the crystal, and how the Moonsea League fits into his plans. The archmage tells the story of his battle with the daemonfey, and how his old enemy managed to use the crystal's power to unlock the Nameless Dungeon, freeing hordes of daemon-spawned elves from their prison. After the crystal was used, its failsafe activated, scattering the pieces far and wide, but Araevin privately theorized that the shards might be more likely to return to places where the Weave had been warped by the Crystal's power.

Producing the wooden lockbox from underneath Gensor's mattress, Declan immediately discovers that it is protected by an arcane trap, deftly unwinding the spell placed there by the craft mage. Inside are a collection of letters written in Loross, the language of old Netheril, which Peregrine is able to piece together using Denlor's own journal, written in the same language. The letters paint a picture of twin brothers, refugees from a distant land of flying ships and strange magic, who eventually settled together in the Moonsea to escape a checkered past.

Realizing that Ranthor, the Lord Sage of Phlan, might recall more details about the two brothers — the one who loved him, and the one who betrayed him — the Gang pay a visit to Mantor's Library. The Lord Sage has no memories of the Gatekeeper's Crystal to share, but the group strike a plan to invite him to dinner as a surprise for Lord Regent Brahms. Meanwhile, Peregrine dispatches a courier from the Library to find Calvin Bramblebottom in Kabel's Hill and bid him to assemble the crew of the _Seagull's Caw_ at the Phlan docks tomorrow afternoon.

At their dinner with Brahms, the Gang get a first look at the functioning of the new Moonsea League. A strange ship with red sails arrived in the harbor of Phlan a few days ago, delivering Brahms a copy of the League Charter, and a promise: that if Phlan joined the league, it would have the opportunity to offload all of the criminals awaiting trial in Stojanow Gate to face their justice elsewhere, and even be compensated for doing do.

Naturally suspicious but under pressure from his merchant class and out-of-work sailors, Brahms implores the Gang for their counsel. Declan recommends that the Lord Regent stall for time by having the merchant lawyers review the charter document, prolonging Phlan's joining the League for a few more days until the Gang can try to address the situation in Mulmaster. Brahms relents, but the clock seems to be ticking.

