---
act: 3
episode: 47
date: 2023-05-02
---
# Act 3, Episode 47
## Codes and Keys
With the remainder of his retinue having fled, Groshin Lor stands alone in the dark alley against the Iron Tiger, with the Gang looking on. Activating some strange power that opens a third eye on his forehead, Groshin babbles madly as he is picked up by an invisible force and suddenly hauled away into the dark sky before anyone can react. As quickly as it had come, the Iron Tiger and its quarry are gone.

Poking at what remains of Groshin's bodyguards, Hagar finds a conspicuous lack of identifying evidence, while Declan fails to recover any trace of the Tiger at all. No longer trailed by hostile forces, the Gang resolve to return to Leon's shop and scour it for any useful items. In the shop's forge area, Calcey finds a mold for a strange key. Peregrine discovers a secret compartment in a filing cabinet where a copy of the key that fits the mold has been stashed — a long, spindly item that Declan determines retains a faint aura of magic. No one can establish what its intended use is.

Pulling out a spell scroll of _identify_, the Gang elect to use it to glean more information about the lens they recovered from the safe in Southroad Keep. Declan learns that the lens is so finely worked that it can magnify and lengthen the effects of arcane spells when used as a casting focus. The Gang decide to pay a visit to Benkin Rould at the Rusty Chock to inquire about the Iron Tiger and clean themselves up before retiring for the evening.

At the Mulmaster Docks dive bar, Benkin motions the Gang into a back room to clean themselves up while he attends to other guests. When he has a free moment, Declan asks the proprietor about the whispers of the Iron Tiger and the conditions that seem to cause it to appear and disappear. After patching themselves up, the Gang return to the Traveller's Cloak Inn to bed down for the night.

Before they retire to bed, Peregrine makes two calls using _sending_ spells. From Jendrick the Green, overwizard of the Arcane Brotherhoood, the Gang learn that the lens recovered from Southroad may have been the work of the legendary gnomes of the island of Lantan. Archmage Araevin Teshurr has nothing to offer on the issue of Gensor, but notifies the Gang that the second meeting of the Council of Waterdeep did not go as smoothly, and requests their presence back in the City of Splendors.

After descending to the common room the next morning for breakfast, Declan surveys the room and determines that a young nobleman wearing the uniform of the Cloaks has been surreptitiously eying the Gang. After approaching the man and inquiring about his interest, the Gang are able to obtain a private audience in their room, where the nervous mage explains his predicament: his boyfriend has gone missing, leaving only his journal behind.

The pages of the journal tell the story of Cyprian Balefrost, an elven wizard who joined the Cloaks around the same time as he met Salvar Brix, the nobleman who is nervously engaging the party's services at present. According to his writing, Cyprian worked closely with senior cloak Thurndan Tallwand on a mysterious research project involving a scale model assembled at the Tower of Arcane Might using magical lenses.

Cyprian seems to have engaged in some of his own research about the project, having developed a theory that the more secret components of the model may have shared properties with an ancient Elven artifact. Before he could confirm this theory, the mage shipped out on the maiden voyage of the _Lady Dmitra_, the new Mulman flagship that has recently completed its sea trials and returned to the harbor of Mulmaster — but without Cyprian aboard.

In return for investigating the matter of his missing boyfriend, the Gang extracted a promise from Salvar: help gain them access to the Tower of the Blades, so that they might infiltrate its dungeons in search of Leon Revenmar, the Finger of Mulmaster. To do so, they will need serviceable disguises and an airtight cover story.



