---
act: 3
episode: 41
date: 2022-02-12
---
# Act 3, Episode 41
## What I Can Do With A Potato
After a full night's rest at Denlor's Tower, the Gang make their way to the Phlan docks to rendezvous with their crew. Ships are crowded into the normally half-empty port, with out-of-work sailors drunkenly wandering the piers. Fishermen, desperate for coin, hawk subpar wares for outrages prices. Artisans and merchants, unable to carry on their normal jobs, have turned to manual labor.

Inside the Laughing Goblin inn, the mood is tense, with many crews huddled around tables griping about their situation. The crew of the _Seagull's Caw_ are arranged around a table in the back, where captain Calvin Bramblebottom is informed of the Gang's plan to run the Moonsea League blockade and make passage to Mulmaster. First Mate Ilham reacts loudly to the news, inadvertently inspiring a chorus of like-minded sailors to proclaim their own desire to break the 
blockade.

The Gang decide on their roles while aboard ship: Hagar will assume the captaincy, while Declan will take on the job of First Mate. Peregrine will do double duty as the ship's Surgeon and Quartermaster, while Calcey will provide some much needed relief from Pike's potatoes as the ship's Cook. Hagar's first order as Captain is to decide on a direct course: rather than hugging the coast, the _Seagull's Caw_ will traverse across the open Moonsea, hoping to reach Mulmaster as fast as possible. Before the gang leave the Goblin, captain Walt Wiley of the _Kite_ approaches the crew to offer two deck-mounted ballistas on behalf of all the out-of-work sea captains hoping that the _Seagull's Caw_ will lift the blockade.

The crew's first afternoon at sea passes uneventfully. Peregrine uses the time to pray for Calcey's aging to be reverted, but the thief seems to pay no mind to his religious overtures. Declan apologies to Calcey for having her examination by the Arcane Brotherhood cut short, but the halfling admits she might be getting a little used to her life as an old woman. Hagar instructs young Calvin about transmuting fear into anger, a trick that the Barbarian knows well can protect his friends and the ship's crew in its time of need.

A few hours after nightfall, the Moonsea throws the Gang its first curveball. A coven of three Sea Hags, dripping with seaweed and barnacles and riding atop giant crabs, surface from the depths to assault the small longship. Peregrine's prayer helps the group withstand the horrible sight of the twisted forms of the Hags, but the coven pools its arcane power to inflict Declan with a churning sickness that causes him to vomit up seawater.

Hagar leaves Calvin in command and charges to the stern of the ship to meet the Hags head-on,  while Calcey and Ilham drive javelins through another one of the foul creatures with two well-placed ballista shots. The third hag lets fly with a well-aimed bolt of magical lightning, but Declan's _warp weave_ spell miraculously bends the crackling energy around every member of the crew, likely saving several lives. Peregrine finishes off the Hags by _banishing_ two of them from the material plane, and the crabs scuttle back to the depths from which they came.







