---
act: 3
episode: 50
date: 2023-05-30
---
# Act 3, Episode 50
## Daddy Issues
As the partygoers take to the dance floor, Father Braun decides to intercede on behalf of Brandis Coldshore and see if he can separate Lord Harlan Stowe from Jenna, the object of Brandis' affection. The cleric threatens Harlan with the intimation that he knew Harlan's father, which is sufficient to break off their dance and cause the fur baron to accompany him into the gallery for a more private discussion. As the two exit the room, Declan's _detect thoughts_ spell reveals that racing through the young lord's mind are questions about how much Gareth knows: did he hang around with Harlan's father during his glory days? Is he aware of the passage in Harlan's chambers?

After a brief discussion, Gareth accompanies Lord Stowe to his private apartments, where the young playboy offers the priest a sampling of haunspeir, a strange drug in the form of a smoked paste that temporarily increases the user's intelligence at the cost of vulnerability to physical harm. Peregrine takes several large hits from Harlan's pipe, alluding to the possibility of buying in bulk while he examines the vanity and large chest in the room. On his final hit, the cleric goes a little overboard and ends up on the floor. Harlan decides it's high time for the two of them to return to the party.

After silently relaying his adventures to his companions, Peregrine rejoins the rest of the gang, who resolve to sneak up to Harlan's apartments for a closer look at the chest by his bedside. Declan nearly knocks over a suit of armor in the Stowe family compound, but Hagar's quick reflexes save the group from detection. Calcey picks the lock and emerges into Harlan's bedchamber, only to suddenly realize that the setting is familiar to her: the nobleman she choked to death years ago after a robbery went sideways was none other than Harlan's father. Shaking off the memory, the thief manages to open the large ironbound chest and the group discover its interior leads through the floor into darkened passages below.

Descending into the Palace of Revels, the Gang discover Harlan's drug storage room — a dark chamber full of discarded artifacts and shelves containing canvas-wrapped bricks of haunspeir. Hagar swaps two of the bricks for decoys using loaves of Calcey's bread, while Peregrine uses a _locate object_ spell to determine the most efficient path to get to the Finger. The group continue their descent through the strange, desolate remains of Mulmaster's pleasure palace: elf-themed rooms, bathhouses, secret passageways, etc. At one point, Hagar overhears a stern conversation between Lord Demetrius Saj and his daughter through a trapdoor, implying that more than one noble apartment has entrances to the Palace of Revels.

After descending into Mulmaster's sewers, the group follow Peregrine's lead down an old stone passage to a decrepit wooden door. Declan uses an _arcane eye_ to peer into the room beyond, where two thugs share a pipe of haunspeir and a strange, hulking frog-like being is ordered to leave the room. Sending the eye further along, Declan discovers another room where even more thugs and rogues lounge in the darkness, followed by a lair populated by the muscled lizard-people. In this last room, one of the foul beings is engaged in painting a familiar symbol onto the wall in chalk, repeating it endlessly around the room: the glyph of the hangmen, with an eye in place of the hanged man's head.



