---
act: 3
episode: 51
date: 2023-06-06
---
# Act 3, Episode 51
## The World's Worst Glory Hole
As the gang crouch behind a blocked door, Declan's _arcane eye_ spell enters a huge, decaying theater through one of many numbered entrances from a curved corridor. Inside the once-grand theater, there is a massive pit where the orchestra pit would be, stretching more than a hundred and fifty feet down into the rock and ending in a T-junction of strange passages. A patrol of lizard-men in the depths are joined by a strange, aberrant creature with four eye stalks and a large central eye, which seems to warp and finally deactivate Declan's spell with its gaze.

Meanwhile, Hagar uses his smith's tools to quietly drill a small hole through the door, giving Declan a visual into the room beyond in order to cast _hypnotic pattern_ in an attempt to distract the two guards. The pixelated light show successfully bamboozles the more drug-addled of the two, but other simply slaps his partner back to reality, stopping the plan in its tracks. The gang decide to try a different tack: using a _seeming_ spell, they transform into lizard-men, with Declan retaining a human form as a disheveled thug. Hagar, in lizard form, breaks through the door and crates and the group emerge into the room, initially confounding the guards until Declan quickly convinces them that the gang are simply lost.

Proceeding to the theater mostly without incident, the gang discover that the corridor outside is lined with strange statues, depicting various humanoids in poses of distress and fear. Finally, they discover the couch on which Leon is being held, and dismiss the lizard-man standing guard over the old half-orc. Calcey greets her friend warmly, but the old locksmith is anxious to get away from whatever power holds sway over the lower depths of the Palace of Revels. With Hagar and the Finger turned invisible, the group backtrack to the entrance they initially discovered that leads to the Saj family apartments and ascend in Demetrius Saj's private study, which is at present occupied only by books and scrolls.

Hearing the sounds of Demetrius settling in for the night in the anteroom beyond, Hagar sneaks to the outer door but is discovered before he can escape the apartments entirely. Declan covers for him by bursting into the room with the rest of the gang in tow, surprising Demetrius even further. The sorcerer explains that his attempts to track down the truth about Harlan led him into the Palace of Revels, and ultimately confirmed the young lord's nefarious haunspeir business. Though initially confused, Demetrius eventually accepts Declan's explanation — although Peregrine notes that he seems a little too willing to let the issue drop, especially when informed about the strange creatures lurking in the depths of the Palace.

The gang are shown the door, and emerge into the Great Corridor with the Finger in tow just as a bewildered Salvar Brix is ascending the stairs. Salvar escorts them to an exit, but continues to hint strongly that their work is not done — it is time for the Gang to hold up their end of the bargain and look into the disappearance of Salvar's boyfriend, Cyprian Balefrost. The Gang emerge just after midnight into the streets of the Imperial District of Mulmaster to plot their next move.