---
act: 3
episode: 6
date: 2022-03-10
---
# Act 3, Episode 6
## Why Is She Bones?
After Declan mysteriously vanishes upon calling out the named of Blagothkus's deceased wife, the rest of the Gang puzzle over where he might have gone. Inside the quiet chamber of hollowed out ice, Declan finds he has no means of entrance or exit, and only a massive marble sarcophagus for company. Back in the ice-blue portal tower, Hagar activates the stored *sending* spell in his *ioun stone*, contacting Declan to ask for an update. After puzzling over the function of the portals, Hagar is able to travel to the burial chamber and back using the other code word — "Blagothkus". When the entire gang visit the chamber, however, the only thing they find is the bones of long-dead Esclarotta inside her sarcophagus. No spirit lingers in Skyreach castle.

Exiting the portal chamber, the gang come to the forbidding entrance to the Steering Tower where the vampire Sandesyl Morgia once met them in shadow. Declan determines that the steel doors are barred with an *arcane lock*, and no one in attendance is of the type of creature allowed to pass. Opting for an alternate mode of entry, the group mount up on Griffons and enter through the broken top of the tower. Inside is a fortune in magical artifacts and complex arcane machinery, embedded in the walls of the tower, though much of it was damaged in the fall. Runes wink in and out of existence in the air, their magic slowly dissipating. Declan determines that this room once controlled the whole castle, lifting it into the air, moving it around, and maybe other things as well. Now, the threads of the Weave slowly unravel as the magic of the cloud giants fades into obscurity.

Without any evidence of the vampire's presence, the group decide to venture into the core iceberg, since the way is unblocked by debris. Tunneling down into the ice, Declan leads the gang down a side passage that curves away into the mass of the core, which they had not explored while previously aboard the castle. As the passage narrows and proceeds into darkness, Hagar attempts to summon a totem companion, but is overwhelmed by a strange dream of an unfamiliar Orc in a desolate plain. Calcey volunteers to squeeze on ahead as the path narrows and opens into a huge chamber. By the light of her torch, the thief spies a sight she has waited all her life to see: the hoard of a dragon, glittering like the sun, frozen beneath the ice.
