---
act: 3
episode: 8
date: 2022-03-31
---
# Act 3, Episode 8
## Muscle Men Win Again
Awakening to find the steward of the Unicorn and Crescent Inn is nowhere to be found, the Gang head downstairs to eat an unconventional breakfast whipped up by Calcey. Inquiring with the students working in the common room, they learn that a strange woman named Serode sometimes buys and sells magical items, including weapons, to the scions of noble families looking to impress others. Some students also mention an artisan's shop called the Sensible Romantic as trading in interesting novelties.

Paying Serode a visit brings the gang to a somewhat dank and dusty cavern underneath the root structure of a massive shadowtop tree, lit by wandering driftglobes and crammed full of strange items from across Faerun and beyond. Serode herself turns out to be a wizened lady with blue hair who smokes a pipe and is carried around her shop by an animated high-backed chair. Calcey quickly discovers that the ancient Elf may have a shadier past than she's letting on, and despite her cold demeanor is interested in payment in gems.

Serode charges each of the gang for a "consultation", a strangely intimate process which she claims will reveal the items in her shop most suited to the desires of the buyer. For Hagar, she produces a strange potion containing the fingernail of a Cloud Giant, which she claims will drastically increase his strength for a short time. For Peregrine, she brings not one but two magical weapons: _Aerdrie's Temper_, a magical javelin of lightning, and the even more seductive _Penance_, a holy mace of disruption. The gang resolve to make a trade of [Hazirawn](../../npcs/hazirawn.md) for the mace on your return to the shop. For Declan, Serode produces a strange and wildly expensive rod capable of absorbing magical energy. For Calcey, her "consultation" is the strangest: the old shopkeeper refuses to make any prediction at all, instead refunding the cost of the consultation, seemingly spooked.

