---
act: 3
episode: 9
date: 2022-04-14
---
# Act 3, Episode 9
## Task Force: Assemble!
As the Gang leave the underground shop of Serode, Declan receives a _sending_ from Archmage Teshurr summoning them to the College of Magic to receive a message. The group immediately head to the tower, where they find Araevin outside conversing with a small finch. The bird, named Manynests, serves as a messenger and trustworthy companion to Lord Duirsar, and has brought a message to the Gang: their presence is requested at the Council of Hill Elders at sundown.

Accepting the invitation, Declan leaves some spellbooks with Araevin and in return receives Hazirawn, the inconvenient but potent sword formerly belonging to Rezmir the Black. Araevin also asks one more favor of the gang: delivering a book that his student Mithriel, the steward of the Unicorn and Crescent, left in his office. Declan accepts the book and the group return to Serode's shop, where the aging proprietor demands a one-to-one trade: Hazirawn for _Penance_, the magical mace. The group are able to bargain the old crone into a discount on _Aerdrie's Temper_, the javelin of lightning, which they purchase in addition to the trade.

Exploring further among Evereska's Moondark Hill residential district, the gang make their way to the Sensible Romantic, a shop full of all manner of quasi-magical trinkets. One of its owners, Eneleth, takes a shine to Declan immediately and is happy to have some of his rather colorful poetry read to the group. After bartering a few trinkets, Eneleth becomes less friendly when Declan refuses to trade the strange doll that the hag Jeny Greenteeth made to resemble him.

Returning to the Unicorn and Crescent to complete their errand, the gang find that Mithriel still has not returned. Talking to students in the inn reveals that she spoke with a soldier of the Vale Guard the night before, and evidently left with him after a short conversation. When Peregrine contacts Mithriel using _sending_ about her book, he receives a confusingly cryptic reply to simply leave it in "her room upstairs". The room in question is filled with notes, drawings, and clutter, but Declan finds mention in Mithriel's diary about visiting a place called the Groaning Cave with Araevin, and an old drawing of a huge stone covered in writing that reminds him of the threads of the weave revealed by his spellsight.

Reporting to the council meeting at the Hall of the High Hunt, the gang link up with Araevin and learn that Lord Duirsar has been in contact with the elves of the High Forest, something that has not happened for quite some time. Evidently the news of the crash of Skyreach has already spread like wildfire up and down the Sword Coast, along with the rumor that a group of adventurers were responsible for this great blow to the New Cult of the Dragon. In response, the Cult seems to have begun a campaign of attacks against the Elves of the Misty Forest using at least one adult Green Dragon.

When Declan delivers the news that Mithriel is missing under mysterious circumstances, Araevin immediately excuses himself to seek her in the Vine Vale. Meanwhile, Lord Duirsar and High Huntress Riverwall question the group about the danger posed by the vampire Sandesyl Morgia. Hagar counsels caution and recommends that the people of Evereska avoid meeting at night and be alert for any creature asking to be invited into their homes. Expedited by a writ of emergency powers from Lord Duirsar himself, a Task Force is authorized to do whatever is necessary to keep the city safe, with the Quarantine Gang in charge.

